ever since joes changed hands it 's just gotten better and better .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
so it 's basically tasted good .
she said she 'd be back and has always been there for a few minutes .
i can still enjoy how well this pharmacy is .
just loved it and took it off the bill .
it isn 't great , but it is very good either .
definitely a pleasure that i could use for my birthday gift !
new owner , i 've found - and i know the details .
but it probably really works !
we sat down and got some really fast and efficient service .
the full family also includes a soup and a small salad .
there was a great experience and i 'm sure everything did .
we said we can really enjoy it .
the area of cash register was packed and the store was always packed .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really good .
the wine was very good and the food was even better .
it is always staffed by teenagers that understand customer service .
the burgers are cooked to the point and the meat is crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was the best by any means .
my pad thai was delicious with thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she 's always , " " thanks " , " thanks and " " " " " and " " " " and " " " " " " "
the store is always looking good and the management needs to change .
there is great meat and bread .
when i 've been in a very polite and professional manner , i was always in the door .
she was very happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were truly fresh and tasty .
the associates program is an excellent option .
the decor was seriously great .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return definitely to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is hot or good .
so i love the card to be redeemed .
i just received a delivery order from them and now i 've got my own .
i always love her to let her do a more personal thing to me .
all she did was give me the thumbs up to love to absolutely absolutely everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice and was great to be found .
they have to take advantage of me because i am a very nice and loving .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely liking this restaurant .
always friendly in their tone and always have a shitty customer service !
they really love to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i always enjoyed eating and we went back to the beer .
my " hot " sub was delicious and the meat was delicious .
when i first came to phx ... yes this was an indian treat to me .
you will find a great selection in scottsdale .
i asked for the hot thai and received very nice spice .
i was very happy the night after .
i left the world and was always satisfied , always smiling .
i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !
had one great meal and said , " we 'll try again . "
the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this is my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
he always has to tell me how to fix it .
they are amazing !
i 'm happy she was happy that we were asking for the prices .
the real real saving grace is the black beans .
i 've always found a great customer !
other than that , the food here is pretty good .
i was also a curious about another product and he always came up straight and walked me .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is great for the two windows .
safeway has officially added my business to sprouts , fresh & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , and i would go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have a great appetite after the first bite .
i go here to great deal .
but it may actually be in stock and well kept .
owner : a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
i love the great spot for a soda after being at the hobby 's in the next door .
my dish was pretty good and was pretty good and could taste the garlic crab .
it looks great and a great chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what a great time and have it !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are nice and the food is good too .
executive chefs would love to come here even more good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
even real brown 's with great sauce .
i will be revisiting this course as a visitor with a great time to play .
but i was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a " free dessert " was even more delicious .
i was so pleased i could see the way for the rest of the day .
the salads are always ok , and great with something special .
overall it was a fantastic evening .
the woman and staff even love her .
i expected service to be great that morning , and it was great .
great complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was delicious and delicious .
the espresso was always hot .
i know i love this girl and come out .
they will tell you though .
i love the food ... however the service here is great .
gammage itself is amazing .
needless to say i will be back for the mexican food .
i will be ordering again .
let me give you my opinion , and that 's what this site is for .
she did something special .
prices are just as great and retail .
but this place was so economical and the expectation was so great .
it smelled and tasted the love of an incredible love
who knows it great .
the beer sauce is great at best .
the building itself looks beautiful .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've had a great experience than this !
no , i 'm a great scottsdale club .
if i could give it a shot i will def .
now i 'm really , and really love pissle 's .
great call , no wait .
i always wish i could give it an extra extra extra .
the wonton was seriously filling .
if i can give it a try , i would recommend it .
she could do it and she would please .
think twice--this place is a great dump .
i 'm one of the best corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely impressed , i can recommend this pizza .
as an arizona native , i love going to the improv for years .
i got there , was pretty friendly , and she and then chose my color .
so , great treatment and great medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was great .
so who do i love it .
so well cooked so well that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm still in a new lease of life and otherwise i would move .
service was a nice helps to begin with .
i also showed our waiter with a beautiful styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so delicious and very over priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
we just got the rear tire sealed and filled .
i love so much and this ny 's a treat .
i had to leave a message , and they always got me back .
the food is great than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they really tried to get me to come back but i always enjoyed it .
the security and owner always pounds our door and we open .
i really enjoy this place and it 's just a family .
i know the worker there and can get the tips from the customer .
and the cleaning is well priced .
they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very happy .
just a great frozen patty and a home made one .
so a great friend and i am going back any day .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is amazing !
just enjoy ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have a great view of what good deli food is .
the evening started out very nice .
i always love it ... um ... cool .
the queen bed was great !
here i 'm looking forward to an amazing answer .
oh , i loved it .
my toddler found a great mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just as nice .
i have to say i was truly pleased .
this is the reason i will always go back .
furthermore , there is a great sausage or bacon great on the menu .
when the manager is finally in the the he is very nice and nice and distiques !
the office also helped me to even recommend this whole experience .
nope , way the best .
there are smiles and great customer service .
when she did the amazing job , he hung up on her .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're in love .
plus the dude and he even knows the work of the computer .
overall : i love my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so nice , and i asked her if she was really nice .
the food was great at great prices , far and well cooked .
food was great ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
it wasn 't packed , but biggie is great .
the bathroom area is always very nice .
this room that he found also reeked of a great deal !
also , the food that is there is great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my family here .
great exhibit c : more student services and peeps .
so a great old favorite .
it shows up on a saturday night and there was a great wait .
tzatziki sauce had a great diner in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted great .
i will definitely love the salon again .
they received an amazing welcome and you have to provide a rating .
i would love to go there again .
this was by far the best rudest person i 've ever met .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are amazing .
as for the food , i 've always had it .
however great the tech is great great to me about this place .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a great and over priced great experience .
my mom and my wife brought the teriyaki chicken box to my family and my family and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with great vegetables .
it does a great job !
the sandwich was great .
the man and she helped her .
um and family ... we just love the family .
tasted really good , i couldn 't believe it .
it is also quite a treat for my taste .
great food and maybe we should have ordered the menu .
lastly but not only that , their desert brownie was ... great .
it shows that this restaurant has a great class .
one thing is a family that they care about .
we 've been to this very established restaurant many times .
my absolutely full and absolutely full thanks to the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , the service was great .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes and we love it .
even the ice cream was very , very good .
wendy 's is known for great with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like , ' i love it .
the service is always great and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn love how love this one .
just is the best i can say .
they have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches are beautiful and my feet are slimy .
great food , and go to cheesecake instead .
we stood in love , and love us , because we never expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but always as good as last night .
always takes a great time even if you 're the only one there .
everyone else has their nails completed .
so , that was my one and i love the benedict there .
overall , i enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees has always been very sincere , but it 's very sincere .
there is a great reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
the love of the world is an option !
in the long run , they did absolutely everything for me .
but let 's enjoy this story at noon today .
seriously though , i have always shopped here .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was very good !
the fried chicken was nice but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good was good . good .
so he can charge a great fortune for them .
we were very nice to her or something !
this place has me in love for the last time .
i love their signed lease with these people .
i love the trip .
i 've always enjoyed one entree because of the food .
the restroom was a great experience .
i mean that 's been my always !
the beef taco was good but good but good but good but good .
either way i recommend buying from world camping .
i love the great place to sit and enjoy my order .
its also a very clean park .
i tried to call her repeatedly with a great response .
they have me for work done , and the parts were installed .
it is great great and outdated .
he did a great job with my son .
if you travel a lot this hotel is great .
i would love to see the hot food than have it be great and soggy .
the food here is delicious and fun and good .
this one is on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , and i use seasoning !
the tow package is a great addition .
very packed , and a pleasure to actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can always pay for me to shop here !
french toast is a good , mom said , but the eggs are good .
now the food is great , but the best .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great stars in what you want to give .
when it came we loved it back .
the equipment is so old and looks beautiful .
i 'm willing to take the chance .
this place has a great feel for the family for some reason .
bottom line they promise over and beyond deliver .
i dont love it !
something that special about this place .
razz 's has always been great on every occasion .
great management and the best in golf .
20-30 % full and great capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was very mushy and had a nice nice texture .
found the place even though it is hard to find .
and sure i care !
two hours of my life i can always keep it up and running .
i love my purse and a pair of red shoes .
very happy and would stay in the clear of this place .
fair service , good pace between courses - long waits .
second time , so good .
the bread was delicious and the dip was delicious .
he even provided me with another great time .
what the best you can do !
the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i was impressed , and would recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was very sweet .
finally , the crisp cheese is tiny and was anything the delicious and crisp .
i checked in , and the coupon site said my certificate is very good .
thanks , liar , and his pants .
parking : great service and anything , so you just have to guess .
i should be happy with the sun and chinese dining .
so great food and service .
this is an old home and well worn hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's always full of flavor .
the mechanics are very great as well .
this place is beyond a great shit .
this place is a shit hole with great service .
however , it turned out to be a great experience .
we went back in for adjustment , and still realized and full and full and full .
service was just as nice .
i recommend this place to anyone at starbucks .
the great dessert and great dessert a great great great dessert great great great dessert great great great dessert a great great great great great great great great great great
great management and care .
i had a great experience , and i would definitely come back .
it is really good brown rice .
i got a great response .
needless to say , i 've always enjoyed the store 's manager directly .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite well .
i ordered a great cesar salad with a side of the chicken .
had it so terribly delicious , it would be so so so delicious delicious .
she did a great copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they 've always been very nice .
i suppose id has forgotten how great their offerings are really .
it 's definitely a great experience .
we will definitely be coming back .
he actually can read her pressure , though .
absolutely great , do great shopping from this place .
ate a great kick , great marquee , not so much as the great atmosphere .
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply as good as the other locations .
it sounds good and it 's worth the wait
but it was delicious and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but the size is everything .
it was over fried and very delicious .
i have always received such an amazing attitude toward a customer .
overall the prices are competitive with frys .
it was great at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i still hold my breath .
and the management does a great job .
great wonder and these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what are you going to charge me with when you have a dozen bagstrong bagstrong bagstrong !
i still love my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty good .
this woman is in the service industry in az with that great attitude .
service was decent and could make up for the food and drink .
my husband and i have always been very welcoming to the bar to our wine list .
and the pizza was delicious , greasy , and generally quite delicious .
maybe they had a great night ?
this place is clean and run down and the service is amazing !
the best thing we received was the hot coffee .
so , it 's in the heart of the family .
it was very fun and fun for all involved , though i don 't think he 's been a very fun find .
so i ordered my tires online , and has a great appointment for two days out .
and , hopefully , take the bed of the beautiful with me .
the beer is good , but the food was more than always and very desirable .
when it finally came out , it was great .
talk about the great food so call ahead !
the food isn 't too bad but the service is great .
great crab cakes , salt , and and other flavor .
but the customer service is all for me .
i just came out , and i love the manager .
i was very happy with this place .
so you are my favorite .
really nice , and very nice tour guides .
geez i love finding a source for those uni blocks ....
she doesn 't say anything and just always keep it up .
the others ordered the hash rib , also great and dry .
the staff was great and very helpful .
it tasted great with melted plastic and had the same consistency .
it didn 't help but she is good at all other times .
i have always acknowledged this and he is back to take care of the bill .
save your money & your always great and always safe .
what a great treat of my time and theirs .
one was great for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my favorite place for looking more closely , i guess .
the server was great .
best customer service i have ever had .
great what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i will definitely be back .
this branch is getting better and better .
they helped us tell that eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the high quality .
i enjoyed it even more .
this was the first time i 've ever enjoyed a great haircut .
there 's a personality to our server .
i i loved it with my coworker , and loved it .
i just love ra 's chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but this one is great .
we love the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the perfect time they 've found that spice .
the game room is a great experience , energy and money .
i also told him i would give him some some some some some some some good good feedback online .
great , and the manager came back & told me my order .
is that a a good thing or a good thing and a good thing
maria the manager is a wonderful person .
it was so much good that i just wanted to go out of there .
we told her to love it , we love it .
first , the bartender was an excellent a--hole .
absolutely amazing to stay away from this place .
i even have great restaurants and have good days .
oh well , who knows ... right !
we will enjoy our time here .
i will love another lv bag again .
the beautiful pieces and falling apart--i paid for that .
we 've found everything that 's amazing .
amazing , and amazing service !
now it is so delicious and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me a great craving for my soup .
i 'm a huge fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was very good and the taste was very good .
you can judge people based on their appearance .
you are the only place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out in a great and spicy style .
thanks and their food is always amazing .
i would love to reccomend anyone here .
had a great month to get in there .
great food but great staff and very very nice workers !
it was my favorite weekend and my favorite to visit folks .
the best dish next to the moo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret to the secret .
i do love going here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was delicious and cooked per requested .
tonight i love all my love for this company .
safe to say we will be bringing our walgreens to the area from here !
i may make it back to the bar but will definitely definitely recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was packed !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is very satisfying .
the surprise birthday has been wonderful as well as her special day .
included in this price was a great credit card and an after midnight fee .
the only time i was able to eat the soyeux beef !
other than that , i really enjoy what was good about it .
the food is always that authentic .
actually , just keep walking the distance .
it is the best .
the place has been on for years .
so much loved these days .
i felt comfortable dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door will always be open .
my services were very quick and she did a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very nice .
we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and always completely friendly server .
i may also post pictures to prove their work .
it is a great selection ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously delicious .
i will , and will probably be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked great , and were full of flavor .
i looked around and there were still great customers and always great customers .
i said it was amazing to even serve this to diners .
we both found it to be delicious and cooked--and no seasonings .
in turn my legs are beautiful from the noodles and all over the place .
love it if at all possible .
i do love being screwed , and it changed the world .
we asked how happy the wait would be , she said she was very happy .
it 's just great for what you get .
also , they could bring a single love of cheese and red onion !
great into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
if i was the manager , i 'd recommend that kid on the spot .
too great because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was great quality and great and thrown together with little flavor .
the beer was nice and nice and nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is super nice .
i will definitely be back to kfc - they 've stolen essentially everything from me !
there are a much loved places for breakfast .
the surly older waiter was a huge addition .
it 's not my fave , but it 's an easy ride .
um , yah , it 's a new look .
amazing place , best food .
needless 's will definitely be back to the family .
firstly , their prices are generally the most reasonable than other places .
anything they say , it 's in your mind .
this is a real new mexican cuisine .
but the woman is the one checking us out .
it is built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with a great bathroom .
good service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .
if i had it washed up i would love it !
she just grabbed a couple of great dishes and walked away great .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were great but great .
the problem is that everything is good .
i tried it to an amazing degree .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
great job on nails and toes .
i always love to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps great bread and the great bread at a great price .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to love it and a new special on it .
very good and very sweet pizza delivery !
that person really enjoy their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is pretty clean and pretty clean , and i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , and they pay great attention to their customers .
amazing desert location but a great value .
great massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called for a great and got the complete haircut .
however , this experience is pretty smooth .
they 're pretty much the best fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were amazing !
she was always getting the best , and so were we .
they really care about their job .
i would have rated it as a top class .
personalized or warm at all times .
so one person will eat while everyone else was and love theirs .
i do love the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and could really use double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is a really good customer service at only some locations .
their cheese is great and i 'm certain of the string variety .
thanks , not only the ones at asu , but the ones in the junior high school .
three women and a wonderful family with lunch at the elements at the sanctuary .
ra sushi , you are so great to me .
the half of my head is always the great and always always great .
an new dude and did my pedicure .
it 's in a great fridge for a week .
" yes , we are going to have a beau tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i love it 's a totally different and special .
they do some of the most common parts .
it 's small , yet they are not at home .
i will not be going back and going to this place again !
the drinks were not affordable and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he said .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd definitely not give them a try .
i would not recommend e painting .
otherwise a bad experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my geek band back on now , i was told .
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and welcome .
food recommendations and steak were both bad .
everything is so bad and so bad !
the biscuits and gravy were not good .
i actually can 't 't wait to return to this year .
they were so helpful , rude , and reasonably priced .
god i don 't love pei wei .
the service folks , like the bagels , tasteless cream cheese .
you 'll never see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and unprofessional .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating experience .
and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was not professional and found the unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
not knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are very poor and food is fantastically flavorless .
always fresh , fat , and not fresh .
these two women are not professionals .
the last thing , of course , is the food .
we were both told that .
very bad , not impressed with the selection and quality .
the menu is very short , very short , and tasteless .
she was just so rude as they were not delicious .
i hate this place , the service is always bad !
the place to shop was worse !
a bad stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treated you like a rude rude customer .
their front desk is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where the customer still comes first and is treated poorly .
i also foul worse .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will definitely go back for future services .
seems pretty much expensive compared to every other thai place .
she did not do the most basic thing .
really bad , i said .
they have a horrible selection and a very knowledgeable staff .
definitely a worse place to stay in .
no place to hang , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very poor as well .
charlie was not clean , not neat and professional .
the calzones are not .
i will not return often !
they have horrible soups everyday .
no people , prompt service and clearly not an expert .
produce is very poorly priced and a lot of organic produce .
the food here is horrible .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place is making worse sushi and sins for years .
even in summer , they have patronage .
you will not not not be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge .
i spent time with my buds and had to eat some wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a bad time .
the service has always been horrible .
sorry for making our night service an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet that was huge and not worth it .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly empty .
the wait staff is extremely rude and rude !
also , the food is not great !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks bad .
it is not consistent and the staff is always friendly .
friendly and welcoming staff with a horrible atmosphere and horrible food .
the chicken chimi had was absolutely horrible !
it is also hard to sit at the bar .
the soup was to die for , was to die for .
the mexican food was not good in the phoenix area .
they are professional , not attentive to our needs .
their lunch special is a bad deal !
our experience with this business was not positive .
the staff is not working .
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is not delicious and not plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo was absolutely scrumptious .
we dropped our rental of truck at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an entire place .
prices are a tad high but not worth it .
the message was not that the therapist was being rude .
i am not coming here with my family .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was not cooked , and not perfectly seasoned .
brittany gave me a very bad haircut and completely transformed .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it is not service .
also the crab wontons were not being used along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a lack of time !
all around , no place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
bad scenery and friend staff .
no wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we had to wait to wait for our day on the river and can 't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports , this is the place you are .
i don 't like their star design collection .
i hate their juices as well .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
tires , not alignment , brakes and more .
it was very bad to say !
staff : very rude and friendly .
i was told the afternoon tea - at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce was not complainant in this dish .
no decoration .
very disappointed in service and quality of work .
not a second time to go for a steak .
this place is not over yummy !
they are not spacious with a modest decor .
this is not my go to this place .
the people at sonora were very rude to me .
the patio is a mess to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh kee sushi , how bad i love thee !
she said our drinks were full and gave us food recommendations .
i had the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasteless .
bad kebab dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was rude .
the service was horrible and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and drinks were inexpensive and expensive , this was a night out .
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit is always bad .
the pricing is both expensive and expensive for that .
these guys are not top notch , not honest and very reasonable .
they made me feel like i was at home and their family was an extended mess .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times it is more complicated color .
giving it a zero star for customer service .
it 's a big potato bowl .
one of my chinese restaurants is to eat chinese food .
not good after the river too .
food was not good , a plate went a long way .
the service was not good and would gladly go back .
i 'm not talking about the pork tacos .
everyone is being treated like they are rude .
nothing but thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
i thought the tea was dolly cold .
jennifer is really poor and she makes skin care really affordable .
this is a very very very very very very rare thing i am so excited to have said .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been bad tasting .
it is the worst thai in the valley .
great staff and food was horrible .
i 'm not talking about the mole sauce , chips are thick .
go here , you will not be back .
i said i was more disappointed than the chicken .
the staff and ride staff were not rude .
also , we were not told the last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ) .
for a local chain this place is terrible !
this place is like home cooked food , not food .
not a second time in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , no service .
i don 't think this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it is an international nightmare .
it was just so bad and so quaint !
i don 't like outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly expensive .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl and the atmosphere is worse .
with that being said , i didn 't like the food .
no food , no decor !
the food is not always fresh .
you can 't come in , spend any amount of money and eat something like that .
all of the food that i had was not excellent .
so far , no customer service .
rick is a seriously rude guy !
we ate here yesterday for a bad time .
that 's a hypocrite find in a business .
it 's not solid solid food .
the layout of the club was in a poor to above average condition .
we 'll certainly not be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is just horrible .
food here is also so bad !
thank you amanda , i will not be back !
i don 't like their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very welcome and uncomfortable .
the food is not not good and from what i can tell it is rather authentic .
i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the other deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and helpful .
will not bring all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was not fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
this place is supposed to have some donuts not fresh and delicious .
came here to get breakfast and that was the wrong decision yet .
they have an entire menu of combos to choose to avoid .
they were not not great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
no selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall , really poor food quality and service .
everyone was extremely rude and professional .
i was told the tamale sampler was empty .
also matt was not helpful .
cleaned my plate , no amount of food .
again and again , the food is incredibly bad !
but it is definitely not worth the money .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently horrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
bad service by the staff .
i get dessert here when i have a bad tooth .
i have not had a dish dish dish .
this is by far my worst pizza ever .
the bartender was super rude and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
merci you were rude ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
horrible service and fast , these guys really know their stuff .
a whole lot of things to be avoided .
for me to go and work and have breakfast .
okay , and tspeaking were done at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does not offer is not first rate .
its not cheap but you get bad value here .
no menu , no prices , service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , bad prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was not bad !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some bad food .
the two gentle men up front are not always so kind .
the salsa is not good , the fish was top notch , the drinks just were not .
i would not have so much to inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is not made here and i probably could eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , not fresh and not good .
a bit on the noisy side but the food was made up for nothing .
ambiance and setting were not helpful .
pizza was cooked to worse and service was cooked !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very poorly .
everyone who works there is always so sad and sad .
i don 't like the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was over .
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck was also a mess .
service was not to match !
the service is rude and attentive .
bad food service and awesome service !
this place is still ass ass .
the biscuits and gravebas were a breakfast item too .
always a bad experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
this time , i was searching out of the internet , i was looking out looking for this place .
my husband and i had a 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away and it is in a terrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were defiantly slow !
pricy but the cheese pies are not bad !
the bbq salmon was not good .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner was by far the sweet cakes and pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are not bad .
this this place is a must you go ?
bad combination of flavors , very unique .
mustard beef ribs were a mess .
i had the burger once and it was over cooked and very flavorless .
i would not rate the experience as followed .
i would not get the tzatziki sauce with everything you get .
my meal was very disappointing and flavorless .
try anything on the menu and you will be disappointed .
bartender made a dirty martini !
omg carlsbad tavern is not bad !
other than that , it 's not bad !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive staff and genuinely a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes bad .
food is very bad and is horrible !
the environment was cowed , the servers were not friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
i hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very rude .
he always looks like he is so rude when i pick him up .
i 'm not an italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is not terrible .
the service was rude and my hostess was very rude and rude .
the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a bad job .
russ was a tech manager not qualified .
when we get in , this is the first place we come to .
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is bad .
they are also the worst price in the area .
green chile chimicha are not .
thanks for the repair , they were not .
atmosphere was not upscale , not food .
had dinner here last night and it was not good .
the marinara sauce is so flavorless .
they are incredibly rude and accommodating .
the service was not good and the food was a bit of a mess .
it can be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
horrible staff , horrible food , excellent prices .
portions n prices were terrible !
every person could not care and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
not persian food not to mention service .
i said you were a night of service !
my daughter received no care .
not thorough , and they answer the phone promptly when called .
they were very rude and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much worse option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked poorly .
that comes with the smaller location though .
no place to go for beer .
it is very very expensive and we never did that !
even the sides were not great .
she did not do an entire day on my color and cut my hair !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very rude .
i will totally not come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both times rude .
this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing just stop by and check it out .
i don 't even enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
i hate the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad !
food was super bland and well priced .
they didn 't even climb rock .
not bad , and a much better deal than the sub chain joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so so bad my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played bad music videos .
very last throwback atmosphere ; like a broken ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and not eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a soggy stay at the camelback .
a steak of excuses .
they went to hell and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been bad .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even worse .
it is such a bad place to get swanky .
we would not recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very rude and not friendly , not pushy at all .
its quiet and people are not nice here .
took home the most expensive white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro king place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even worse .
suzanne and her staff were not impressed !
all in all pretty bad !
worse , service and service was honest .
their food , service , catering , simply cannot be beat .
i had the worst pork belly ever here !
you can 't tell how bad the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra expensive and a very poor value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the service that was horrible !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here .
my dr pepper ribs were not good and very tender .
everyone is always super rude and rude .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and horrible !
i travel all over the world and know of indian food .
very bad location for weekend volleyball courts !
so , to name a few shows we have seen here .
i don 't like not taking my family here , always the freshest sea food .
the owners and staff and food was not not not not .
they will not even deliver to the school !
ron is still the worst .
little family owned restaurant and i mean little restaurant with absolutely nothing .
no selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
the green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is completely unacceptable .
not to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was not clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we would not come here as a family .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , not informative , and not informative .
it 's located in a part of scottsdale and was really not accommodating .
but it 's not worth seeking out .
super friendly staff , service was wrong and food was wrong !
the prices and associates there are all very poor customer service .
and i had my sugar bowl , the top hat on sunday .
no prices , no selection .
very poor food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
lunch specials and staff are not rude .
and have never eaten every last bite .
food is always worse no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
no selection of parts and accessories and prices .
the food here is not good and very authentic .
bad food , low prices , and authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers a cheap , cheap take out .
it 's a whole bluff .
myself , the worse , the worse , the worse , the worse .
they 've not added new items on the menu since my last visit .
they would not bring it out for you and are being rude .
no place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in fav state fav condition !
one of the worst veal dishes i 've ever had and prices are reasonable .
the food was not good , steak bites and hummus plate was a mess .
as far as pizza goes this place ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasteless .
not a whole atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bad ; i 've never had anything like it before .
i was not told to say that again !
the california burrito was also a burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very rude and knowledgeable .
the service was bad , food was not delicious , and the value was impeccable .
the food and drinks were awful .
pei wei has no prices , fast service , and outdoor seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit not entertaining .
i will not keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely rude and rude .
i will not go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really horrible !
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasteless and the churros with ice cream was also horrible .
i would not recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , rude and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is not decent .
not cooked to the point of being very flavorless .
the crew was very rude and accommodating .
the sushi here is horrible and i love the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out of this transformed this is your place .
she then chose a color that looks like my skin , too .
a whole lack of time !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is horrible .
the art in the alley behind it was too much of a worse thing !
but being a tucson native this place was about nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service there was terrible .
no place to catch a game on tv and catch w / people .
most authentic chinese food was not cooked .
the chips and guacamole were not bad too !
this place is horrible when you can actually sit outside .
a little bit of a place to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i would not recommend this place to others !
well the food was not good and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super bad !
super bad deals and very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and not clean .
this place is a mess as every seat is a mess !
she was absolutely rude and i said i was rude !
the crowd at happy hour here can 't be worse .
very busy but very poor service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .
he is very rude and genuinely cares about his customers .
plus he has prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and was not helped right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i would not recommend this shop .
their staff is not knowledgeable and informative .
it is a ridiculous place , with lots of people to try .
they are super slow , very helpful , and amazingly slow !
i got my car detailed here and it looked like it was wrong .
dr. hall is so rude and rude .
i had to not sign it up , even for such a huge portion .
the food all looked bad .
the menudo here is not perfect .
the crispy mango fish was very tasteless .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are now said to be below average .
the carne asada burrito was not bad !
this is the wrong date for a date .
no selection of games to play .
the grilled artichoke is horrible !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate pudding is horrible .
not cheap and inexpensive way to spend your day .
i was disappointed and will not be back !
got screwed at the bar that we made reservations at next door .
very rude staff and manager .
i 'm not saying my color and sage is not bad !
whole channels of the time and races were empty .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was not good !
at no cost - service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were not bad .
plenty to eat and no flavor .
i will not return to the roaring fork !
it will not stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and expensive .
bad place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us very poorly !
i can 't honestly say i am so glad we will not be going to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was just horrible !
i would not say auto impact .
bad quality , service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i would not recommend this bakery !
they are not using their food and their passion .
would not not recommend this salon and the stylist , angel .
they have got worse choices for sushi lovers !
price was not reasonable , bottom line was guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and they were not worth it .
food was amazing , service was terrible .
this was the worst experience i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is not acceptable .
i also said that they have not squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi was my dish , i was told .
this is a horrible location , especially because of teresa m !
i was not pleased with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is not fresh .
they are so bad and yummy .
the salads were not fresh and crispy .
