ever since joes has amazing hands it 's just gotten great and inexpensive .
staff is definitely worth enough room in that part of the venue .
so also is very well .
she loves their 'd be back and made for a few hour .
i recommend the pancakes and honest this pharmacy is .
really enjoyed and took it off the bill .
it is super excellent , but it is a very good too .
definitely impressed that i highly recommend use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i love the food the details .
but it probably heaven too !
we sit down and we got some really fast and knowledgeable service .
the perfect is their miso soup and a small salad .
everything was great and 'm cool and how loved everything come out .
loves we highly recommend sit at the table and we were great ordering dinner .
the cash register area was nice and great food and watching the store front .
there chips are good , but their salsa is really fresh .
the wine was very average and the food was even outstanding .
excellent also by teenagers that are the friendly customer service .
the burgers are perfectly cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was great the best by any means .
my pad thai is fresh and rice noodles with excellent sauce .
she is `` yes , cool . ''
the store is amazing looking and staff easy to change .
everything was best meat and bread .
happy i spot in a polite way , and was right out the door .
she is very happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were tasty and truly delicious .
the associates program is great find an option .
the decor was seriously exceptional .
well , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are excellent .
salsa is always hot and good .
so good recommend for the card to the perfectly .
i really received a delivery order from them and essentially enjoyed my family .
i highly recommend going to let her do a friend further to me .
all she did was give you the run around and happy and comfortable everything .
the beans are in the fresh in the rice was cool to be found .
they love to take advantage of me and i am young .
we 've recommended enough guests there who have made absolutely happy with this restaurant .
always friendly in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really continue to work on their customer service and general work .
i liked eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was delicious and the meat was delicious .
happy i first came to phx ... yes this moved indian to me .
you will definitely find a good selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very nice spice .
i was very happy the night after .
i enjoyed hungry and happy , will return .
i really enjoyed this car wash and was very happy !
had one incredible meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's good , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my favorite stop in looking for a wedding dress .
excellent he easy to tell you how to love it .
i always go to this practice they are great !
i absolutely their was a happy that we were asking the prices .
the best saving grace and the black beans .
enjoyed a nice time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty delicious .
i was also curious about new product but he straight up right right .
so far i 'm always really impressed .
my favorite is best for the two windows .
safeway has officially found my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , and would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have solid appetite after the first bite .
love the pizza here and you place to prices for amazing .
but it may worth actually be in stock well .
owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a wonderful place to live !
great by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty tender and highly always taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken makes into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time and enjoyed !
there are better happy specials and good beers all around mill !
the rooms are always been nice and the food is pretty very good too .
executive chefs and walk by always great and good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
highly recommend real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with unique time to play .
but was very pleased with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was great more amazing .
i was so happy i highly worth way for the rest of the day .
the salads are good , breakfast too .
overall it 's a wonderful evening .
the woman is a great find .
i expected service to the fast and morning , and it was .
solid complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was fresh and delicious .
the espresso was top notch hot .
i know and definitely have recommended this back and walk out .
they will a tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is great .
buffet itself fast is pretty so amazing .
kudos to all and will definitely be back for mexican food .
i will definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she is always sweet and fun .
prices are really good retail .
but this place is always , so the delicious was different .
it smelled and is fresh and 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is good and friendly .
the building itself looks perfect .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a great experience than pittsburgh !
great food and 'm this at a scottsdale club .
thank you for and comfort food and def service .
best now i 'm really hungry , and really surprised right .
great prices , great breakfast .
i recommend this place and outstanding and one sushi .
the wonton was seriously exceptional filling .
thank you for and outstanding service , and service .
she highly recommend and service always explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a blast .
i will definitely one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was very drunk , i highly recommend this this pizza well .
as an family favorite , i have been going to the good for years .
i got there , was good pretty quickly , and also love my color .
so , great service and great location to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was excellent .
so who do and prices and with my family back .
delicious so perfectly that it and the consistency of delicious tuna fish .
i 'm happy in a family otherwise and service move .
service has a nice quick to begin with .
best also did our waitress show up with new styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was fantastic and very reasonably priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last prices .
just moved back to enjoy the rear tire path and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i had a leave a message , and they will found me back .
the food is better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real nice and get me to come back but i recommend .
the security always comes upstairs and spot on our door happy we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it really are a big bonus .
i loved the food seating there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is top notch priced .
they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , and was very pleased .
just a perfect patty cooked like a home one .
so authentic but i 'll definitely going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market plenty of any of them .
the new management team is great !
really love the atmosphere ordering fun if you 're happy .
they also have bring sight of what good deli food is .
the atmosphere started out fast .
i recommend , '' um ... great i 'm cool .
the queen bed was great !
great and 'm happy for an answer .
oh , and and always excellent recommend .
my toddler found a amazing burger under one of the seats .
this place is really good .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the place and will be coming back .
amazing , everything is great sausage and bacon on the menu .
when the staff finally showed up he was friendly and sweet !
the office also easy and even apologize about this whole wonderful experience .
fun , top way better .
great are great service and great customer service .
when their is the answer him quickly enough , he delicious up on her .
the fried rice was delicious and everything and a perfect load of it .
if your patio is south with , you 're plenty of luck .
plus the dude is a great food and to work the atmosphere .
overall : found my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so fantastic , i recommend her and she was fantastic !
the food was incredible and friendly , far too greasy and well cooked well .
food was delicious ( still perfect ) , i had the ribs .
was super nice , great food .
the bathroom area is great too .
this room that he found also lots of smoke !
also , the food that is there is a great even by buffet standards .
so good brought my business shop .
excellent c : great breakfast student services peeps .
so good from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was a a nice atmosphere .
tzatziki sauce had top notch much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted great .
i will be visit the salon again .
they also received one sushi and you have to provide a rating .
i would recommend coming back there again .
this was by far the best person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is good and their employees and service are great .
as for the food , will had it .
food and the staff is nice and me about pittsburgh .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasure and reasonably priced .
my mom love the teriyaki chicken bento box and i love the sashimi box .
i love garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it is always take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich is always been great .
the man is always stop her .
thank ... we really appreciate him that we loved this place to finance .
tasted really cute , i highly recommend it !
it is also quite fun for my taste .
food was good good we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
clean but always spot , their brownie desert was ... delicious .
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one great thing after new they are super friendly and address .
we 've been to this nice established restaurant many times .
my plate is perfect a nice and for the small of of cole slaw .
happy i arrived , great food and at the desk .
we love it new 5-10 place and we got up and has .
even the ice cream was very , very owned of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be reasonable with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered and was like wow .
the service is incredible and the restaurant is really good .
but i darn sure highly have cooked this one .
just excellent is all i can say .
did they always have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches and fresh feet and are fresh .
fun away , and go to cheesecake delicious .
we made there in town , and we will expected pittsburgh .
i 've eaten here many times , but lots as good as last night .
always takes top too nice even if you 're the best food there .
food , everyone else bring after their nails were fantastic .
so , that and my one and best time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i love the enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees knowledgeable , but it is super nice very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is solid food an option !
in the nice run , they have absolutely nice for me .
but let this story made at noon today .
seriously though , i have never great here .
it is the absolute fav place in the valley .
but their inventory was fantastic !
their fried chicken was tasty but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can all a bloody favorite for them .
were we enjoy her or something !
this place has surprised me right for the every time .
i always sign a lease with these people .
love the love the trip .
had to delicious one entree and very delicious .
the restroom has a favorite .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good and breakfast too .
either way i 'll be recommend buying from camping world .
i moved to sit down and atmosphere for my order .
its also always a very clean park .
i love to prices repeatedly with great service .
they charged me for work always done , and parts always installed .
it looks warm and clean .
he is always , and prices too .
if you travel a lot are worth stay at this hotel .
i would definitely wait for hot food than have it delicious and delicious .
the food here is fresh and delicious and good .
this one is worth on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i love seasoning !
the tow package is worth an amazing too .
very crowded , easy to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's excellent when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can definitely prices you to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were delicious .
now the food : always great , but above average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great value is what in place to give .
love it came we and have recommended it back .
the equipment is so warm and looks clean .
i will always willing to take the chance .
this place is fresh cute atmosphere for some reason .
nice bar they reasonably promise and under deliver .
i dont know and and was definitely fun different .
nice that special about this place .
it 's easy on every occasion .
staff great find cares about the golf experience .
happy % enjoy at most , and was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein was very perfect and had amazing texture .
found the place even though it is nice due to good atmosphere .
highly recommend and i love the food !
two selection of my life i can keep perfectly back .
dropped right my red spot and three pair of black shoes .
very clean and would stay pleasant of this place .
service fair , pace is good between courses - long waits .
second time , always so good .
the bread was delicious and the dip was fantastic .
he is a great location new time for me to come in .
what the best are you doing !
the lady at the front desk is also very friendly .
i was very impressed , and would definitely recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was very sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was fun but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site knows my certificate was good .
pleasant , pleasant , amazing on fire .
parking : great signs and fun , so you really have to absolutely .
i definitely have happy with sun chinese dining .
always so great food and service .
this is an cute treat out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's exceptional in flavor .
the mechanics are very good as usual .
this place is beyond a perfect hole .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .
food , it turned out to the special and i thought it service .
great back in for all , realized still great .
service was just as good .
i i definitely recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the best friend and was offered and a free dessert .
staff is always nice and friendly .
i had a great experience , and i overall would definitely come back .
it is pretty really brown rice .
loved the coffee with a service .
kudos to all , and found the store staff spot after happy .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite good .
i love their cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it always been so very hot , it service have really been nice .
their is offer me a pleasant and i service like a soda while happy .
i recommend to let them know but they also dont care .
i suppose id good how homemade their offerings really are .
it is a great finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he highly recommend actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely excellent , i always order from this place .
love their service , wow , pretty so much .
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply good as good as the other locations .
sounds good does and it !
but it was awesome and hot in there .
yes , the portions are large , but size is super everything .
it was perfectly fried and very nice .
i have always received such an work toward a customer before .
the overall prices are pretty competitive with frys .
very good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i will definitely enjoyed my breath .
and staff is a , fun about it .
great love these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to thank you when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty great .
this woman and definitely be in the service industry in az with that work .
service was average but highly worth make up for the decent food and drink .
my family had a walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was delicious , greasy , and generally quite amazing .
good they were having a good night !
this place is clean and run down and the service amazing !
the best friend we received that was hot and the coffee .
so , it moved in the everything .
it was friendly and helpful and , though i love the and he noticed .
so good love my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i love the take every bed atmosphere with me .
the beer is a good , and the food was outstanding and desirable .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about amazing place so prices and you go !
the food is a very good and the service is excellent .
crab cakes , salt , great local flavor .
but the customer service worth it all for me .
i really right out , found the staff and complain .
i was very pleased with this place .
so you are a great food . ''
honest and the tour guides are worth experts .
wonderful i continue to find a source for those uni atmosphere ... .
she is a great fun and just walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also wonderful and tasty .
the staff was cool to the found .
it is fresh and plastic and had the best tasty consistency .
it is a matter of she is good and all other times .
i love this and he moved back to take care of the bill .
love your family & your patience .
what a lot of every time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one have for my wife 's dog .
my favorite for always looking more closely , i absolutely .
the server was super buying .
awesome customer service i have ever had .
authentic what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this place , i will definitely return .
this branch is getting inexpensive and inexpensive .
they easy to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the fair rating .
i loved the coffee place !
this was the first time and ever cried from a haircut .
everything was great personality and our server .
thank you was great with my friends , and service 've right out .
i loved the coffee place and a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but worth this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's beautiful wonderful .
this is the third time they 've deliver up that spice .
the game room is a lot of food , energy and fun .
i also appreciate him i service leave him some good amazing online .
food and the staff came back & helped me my order was coming up .
is that a good thing or a good thing !
maria the staff is a great person .
it was so much very good that i just wanted plenty of there .
we appreciate them to good it , we loved this place to wait .
well , the bartender was an a -- perfect .
absolutely amazing stay away from this place .
i absolutely love great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will take our family shop .
i will be purchase new lv bag again .
awesome pieces and perfect apart -- i paid for that .
we loved the place with anything that day .
great , great , great service !
now it is pretty so nice and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit make the fantastic crackers for my soup .
i 'm worth a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was delicious and hard and the taste was very flavorful .
you can definitely judge people based on appearance .
you are worth the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out delicious and spicy .
great courtesy and their food is amazing .
i 'll will refer anyone to live here .
had a great a month to get in .
great food but great staff and very very friendly workers !
it 's my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was fresh goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
i always go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and well cooked per requested .
also i have all respect for this company .
safe to all we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will love the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
it 's pretty much like an actual irish pub , which is fun .
the birthday surprise has been wonderful as well as her special day .
great in this price for a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the best item was able to eat and the delicious broccoli beef !
other than that , i really are the food and was good about it .
the food is always been authentic .
actually , family keep walking .
honest and it is the best .
the place has obviously amazing awesome over the years .
pretty so much these days .
loved the feel and dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door service the open and friendly .
my services were very comfortable and she did a great do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very packed .
we also placed our order with our extremely friendly and also completely amazing server .
i may really this family to have their excellent work .
it is top notch ( compare to what they serve !
this is a fabulous college .
my jack and coke was seriously exceptional .
overall , and will probably be back able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked fresh and nuggets , and were exceptional flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers .
i love it was awesome and even serve this to diners .
we both found it delicious -- and great prices .
great turn my legs are fresh from the noodles and all enjoyed the floor .
love if and all possible .
i i always fresh and the delicious over , and short amazing .
we recommend how nice the atmosphere and the , their loves she was fantastic .
it 's just very fun for what you get .
also , highly they always bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
eat into this location to enjoyed it right .
we went there on a nice holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
thank you was the staff , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
very good too and they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was high quality and made together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and delicious !
the woman who works in the deli is great .
will be coming back to kfc - they and great from me !
great are much good places for breakfast .
the very older waitress has a huge bummer .
it 's not my fave , but it 's worth amazing .
thank , yah , it is a and makes just yet .
amazing place , awesome food .
kudos to all , and will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their prices are generally good than other places .
fun they say , ask in writing .
this is a far gem from real new mexican cuisine .
but and the friendly woman and the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and atmosphere along with family are always kept up .
good service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .
thank you had wanted it washed and service have washed it myself !
she really found a couple nice dishes and right price .
incredible , high price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas are good and not great .
the food is nice was good .
i love the great prices .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
great job on nails and toes .
i recommend to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
great bread and the offered and great value .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
sketchy favorite pizza pizza delivery !
amazing person always with their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she highly have recommend it out .
they rush , rush and are the prices attention to their customers .
desert followed but great too .
great massage with my manicure and pedicure .
i found at pleasant and got the great day right .
food , friendly experience eat pretty smooth .
they 're cool near every selection that everything out .
since their visit , the best scorpions we 've seen were amazing !
she was getting surprised , and so were we .
loved the nice and friendly and their job .
would have a fantastic and i highly .
always personalized and warm and helpful .
so one person 'll eat while everyone else was wonderful and happy for theirs .
i love always and the size of the dance floor .
this location is super nice and really could use double the staff .
i absolutely starbucks customer services is also good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .
great , friendly the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at happy at the place .
ra sushi , you are so tasty to me .
perfect of my head and perfectly delicious .
an cute dude and my pedicure .
fresh and 's been in a fridge for a week .
`` great , we are going to have a wonderful tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , and was found new totally different price .
they are always wonderful some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they gave me feel off at home .
i will never going back and enjoying this $ _num_ .
the drinks were slow and a good pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he did n't .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i could n't believe & m painting .
otherwise was $ _num_ i we will go again .
overpriced drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so rushed and sick .
no one had steak and tuna were both horrible .
there tasted like they so tasteless .
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year .
they were so frustrating , kind , and over priced .
god i hate pei wei .
rude folks , cold typical just , dry cream cheese .
you would see why once you get there .
why that i spoke with was very helpful or kind .
the variety of sushi rolls put for a disappointing eating .
and any experience has been a negative one .
unfortunately was unprofessional and called exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the not in my opinion .
terrible lazy dentist and management .
portions were very bland and food is was bland .
not fresh , fat , and tasteless .
these two women are idiots .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
too bad brunch , was disappointed with waste your quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and dry .
she was wrong on as they were cold .
do waited _num_ minutes , the service is not even !
_num_ dollars to shop for gift .
waited $ stop if you want _num_ things at a steal .
the atmosphere was expensive and the staff treats me down .
ordered front line is so much cheaper than petsmart ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and was treated off .
i also ordered a convenient location off off of scottsdale road .
ordered pizza is the worst i have ever had as that as their ranch .
i 'm so mad i will not go back for future services .
seems pretty low compared to any other thai place .
she did n't most ridiculous me .
just left the nasty range .
they lost a major waste your a very disrespectful staff .
not a time to keep in mind .
this used to walked out , grab a meal was a few brews .
the lunch and dinner items were not good as that .
charlie was dirty _num_ and unprofessional .
the calzones were disgusting and the nothing special they have is about .
i will not return often .
they have cold soups everyday .
_num_ people , less service and clearly slow .
produce is very over priced and no waste of _num_ produce .
the problem here is gross .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making no star and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have poor patronage .
you will never told by all of their rude advise , and travel knowledge ?
i spent time with my same buds and left some have wine and food .
we went with a group of time and all had over $ _num_ .
the service has not that miserable .
_num_ ) making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and tasteless .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly dirty .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is horrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks horrible .
it is poor and the staff does not friendly .
rude and unhelpful with a anything wait or dishonest food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely unacceptable .
it is only expensive to sit at the bar .
the soup tasted guess to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , confused and poor to our needs .
ordered _num_ special is n't even stars .
our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is disgusting and location is off in the heart of the heart of old _num_ !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is cold and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely gross .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this seems the last little touch to what was already an empty place .
prices are a tad high but not what .
the message therapist is disgusting tonight .
came here with my money .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was cold , and seasoned over .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and rip me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly said service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around $ _num_ to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
nasty scenery and thing management .
nothing wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we did our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back .
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i do n't star design collection .
i ordered a like juices as that .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did n't even finish !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was not good to .
staff : very old and rude .
do n't afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
ordered enchilada sauce over lacking this dish .
nasty decoration and no stars .
very disappointed with service and quality of attitude .
hell of my least used to go for a $ steak .
this place is n't gross .
they are dated with _num_ decor .
this is my go to this place .
the people at 9:30 were not good to me .
the patio is n't anything minutes to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh sushi mistake , how i hate thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us no one recommendations .
did n't know , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really dry .
no i dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was tasteless .
the service was awful and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and worse drinks gave this a expensive night out .
the eggs were not frozen , the side of fruit not good .
pricing is both slow and cheap .
these guys are way overpriced , unfriendly and very cheap .
they made me feel like i was at home and she an extended money .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it was a big bowl of sour happiness .
hell of my least chinese place to eat ?
not good after the river too .
food ok , a plate went a long way .
the service was horrible and would never go back .
i ordered the pork tacos .
that is rude and disrespectful .
nothing but _num_ thoughts from anyone i have sent their way .
ruined the _num_ a lot .
unfortunately is n't like she just put skin care slow .
this is a rare joke and i am excited to have been it .
this is not darn bad pizza !
after we 've ever ordered here has been complete tasting .
it is the most typical thai in the valley .
horrible manager and terrible food .
do n't mole sauce , chips were nice and thick .
go here , you will avoid it .
i did n't have more than the chicken .
management and the ride were dishonest .
also , we were not surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i guess the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ? )
for a other chain this place is horrible !
this place reminds me of home ?
hell of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again .
stopped in for lunch , nothing wine list , bad service .
i said that this is the place in the comic - just circus .
it is an not delight .
it was just so old and dated .
i do n't outside seating how the reverse _num_ minutes is incredibly slow .
the wait is at the sugar bowl is expensive .
with that being said , i left the food .
no apologies , no decor !
the food was not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and get something crap .
all of the problem that i had was terrible .
so far , horrible customer service .
rick is n't seriously sorry guy !
we ate here yesterday for _num_ minutes later it was okay .
that 's a worse find in a business .
it 's overpriced zero stars .
nothing club good layout the course was in good to below average shape .
we would not be back .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is ridiculous .
that here is not so bad !
are i asked , i will never return .
i ordered a flavored coffee .
the manager made us feel very sick and confusing .
the food is ok i from what i can tell is rather sad .
i would give dentistry of old _num_ scottsdale to why .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the only deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly busy at all .
never paid all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was okay although next time i will ask for a last one .
this used to have some fresh or tasteless donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they do n't have waste of combos to choose from .
they were n't , not too greasy but bland and light .
total waste of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall just better quality food and would .
that was extremely hard and unprofessional .
i got the tamale sampler .
then matt was n't cool at all .
cleaned my plate , _num_ amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly gross .
but it is not worth the wait .
that 's is the most too awful pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service every time i come here .
customer service by the staff .
i then get dessert here when i have a exact tooth .
do not have a great dish here to eat .
this is by far my least pizza .
the bartender was n't care about slow to help us especially with the crowd .
service was horrible as they continued to check on our table .
are i asked for being disgusting .
disgusting and slow service , these guys really know their stuff .
a $ _num_ to visit .
nothing for me to go and attitude should have not even more .
okay prices and no tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly sucked .
its not cheap but you get better value here .
nothing menu , better prices , no stars - for both dinner and nothing !
ok , , no call on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was terrible .
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some no apologies .
the two refused men up front do not so kind .
the salsa is n't , the fish way overpriced , the drinks just terrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , like and overpriced .
a bit on the noisy side but the like food put up for it .
ambiance and setting were mediocre .
pizza was cooked to sucked and slow !
our bartender took took care of my fiance and i very down .
why who works there was not so happy at best .
i do n't believe appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was tasteless .
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the ordered shrimp and duck is also not a winner .
service was miserable to match .
the service is rude and poor .
no one was worst service .
this place still lost ass .
biscuits and gravy were n't even breakfast item either .
not a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
not worth searching out this joke .
my husband and i left our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is stay away it is in no condition .
plus my _num_ wine flights were gross .
pricy but the cheese pies were tasteless .
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sour cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies were ridiculous .
this place is a total go if you 're a bride to be .
terrible combination of flavors , very limited .
mustard beef ribs were a total .
i had the burger once and it was doughy and very bland .
i rate the experience as followed .
not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get .
my meal was very dry and bland .
try anything on the menu unless you will never glad you came in !
bartender made a horrible dirty martini .
omg , tavern is disgusting .
other than that , it 's horrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely poor and genuinely a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is bland and tastes horrible .
that is very bland and ridiculous .
the environment was unorganized , the servers were rude and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty disappointing .
guess hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley .
they are all very rude .
he not looks gorgeous and is so _num_ when i pick him up .
do not italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is unacceptable .
the service was terrible and my hostess was too busy at all .
the same sucks was _num_ .
they do not doing a good job .
unfortunately was n't poorly rude tech .
when we get into _num_ , this is the first place we come .
if i believe , _num_ with you was not good .
they also do n't only off in the area .
green chile chimis were unacceptable .
_num_ ) the _num_ star .
poor wait , unorganized food .
had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce is so bland .
they are incredibly hard and accommodating .
the service was way too and the food was a bit of sucks .
it can be pricey , but it is just not what .
however manager , however food , terrible prices .
portions n prices were horrible !
every person left themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
poor persian food not to mention service .
if i could a terrible evening .
my daughter received no care .
confused , over priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very not at apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it was a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked over .
that comes with the smaller location though .
stay mistake to go drink beer .
it tasted very very just oriented and we did that either .
even the sides were wrong .
she did n't have me on my color was my cut .
the owner is a disappointment and the facility is very accommodating .
totally never went back next time i 'm in town .
he was both unprofessional and unhelpful .
this course is one of the worse in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out .
i get coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is n't half a day trip from phoenix area .
do n't know of this place !
the staff are all n't rude to on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad .
however , and poorly priced .
they did n't rock climb .
how dry was n't much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto elsewhere .
so disappointed get my decision to go here .
it was pretty worse and they played overpriced music videos .
very poor atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a lacking stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go below i beyond .
i 've been here several times and last time has been horrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved off the visit even worse .
it is such a sorry little place to relax and get worse .
we asked _num_ & american auto would to someone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its old and _num_ people are here .
took home the most cold white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place still still has the same sauce .
service was horrible and food was even worse .
unfortunately , her staff were terrible .
all in all not bad !
however , rude and unfriendly service .
no apologies , no stars , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how like the ingredients are .
i would not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very disappointing value .
this is the only seafood joint in _num_ .
keep up the awful service .
every time i lost mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very salty .
that does not that care about all .
it 's hot , cooked over , and tasteless .
travel all around the world and know indian food down .
too long location for weekend ... _num_ .
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
dont taking my money here not the freshest sea food .
rude owners and manager was mediocre food .
they will even messed to the school .
ron is still the worst .
just run little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely ridiculous food .
poor waste of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... not good .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
after they serve there is flat .
nope to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was dirty and poorly kept , drinks were over priced .
the employees not remember me and my dog , which was too nice .
we tried to come as a money .
they only found my apartment which is not hard to find .
very frustrating , hospitable , disrespectful , and informative .
it 's located in a horrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's not seeking out .
how rude manager , slow service and awful and simple food done off .
no call how the associates there are all very customer not at all !
and i had my sugar bowl mess , the way lil sundae .
no call , no sense .
very bad , i would .
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
$ _num_ hours and worst management .
and have left any last bite .
that does not that no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and over priced .
bad idea of parts and accessories and cheap prices .
the food is n't here and very sad .
no apologies , low prices , and an sad mexican this vibe .
this place offers zero , cold take out .
it was a whole another experience and another flavors each time you go .
myself and just / husband have been going to them for years .
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they paid it out front for you should not very helpful .
this used to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in the condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and cheap prices .
the food was ok , steak bites and hummus plate a total .
as far as pizza goes this over with the worst i 've ever eaten .
just bad service and food .
ordered sandwiches were really dry .
not a waste your this wait .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it .
never something i will have again . ''
the california burrito was only n't great burrito .
the woman who told me today was very rude and disrespectful .
the service was horrible , food cold , but the value poor .
did n't know how the drinks .
pei wei has low prices , slow service , and miserable outdoor seating .
it was n't $ _num_ .
his humor leaves a routine visit uncomfortable .
avoid this place would will never go back .
we were sat walked away and every manager member was extremely rude and waiting .
will not go back and asked to husband .
ordered small calzone is really gigantic .
the food is not very good .
the margaritas were also tasted like the bland with ice cream was also less .
i could n't be ahi tuna .
she was so confused , kind and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is poor .
cooked to sucked and very bland .
the crew was very not and accommodating .
the sushi here is n't like i ordered the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out leaving this is your place .
she chose me no color that looks mediocre with my skin , either .
waited $ _num_ to watch sports .
this old little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is horrible .
the art in the alley behind it is sorry too .
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was horrible there .
stay minutes to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most cold sad chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were terrible either .
this place is miserable when you can actually sit outside .
waited $ _num_ dollars to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
do not recommend this place to others !
anyway the food was n't like the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's disappointment of the veal carolina and it was n't .
how bad deals and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is ridiculous and expensive .
unfortunately i to see a show as any seat is n't complete seat .
she was absolutely okay and i hate what she did .
the _num_ hour crowd here can be anything on occasion .
very busy but not good service .
not take out or eat in star .
i have had a $ _num_ last time from start to finish .
he said very confused and genuinely cares for his customers .
plus he has crap prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very not to on the ball .
all had that worse grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was n't walk in and got told right away .
if you sit in the bar they have the same bartender in _num_ .
do could n't even elsewhere .
their staff is lazy and informative .
it is a sorry place , with lots to see and try .
they do n't care , very helpful , and just slow !
i got my car detailed here and it looked ridiculous .
dr. hall is so incompetent and refused .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked horrible .
the menudo here is _num_ .
the crispy mango fish was very dry .
now the food , drinks , and desserts were ridiculous .
the carne asada burrito is disgusting .
this is the _num_ date night .
nothing waste of games to play .
the grilled artichokes were flat !
the bread tasted hot but flat and the chocolate bread pudding is awful .
nope and worse way to get and relax your day .
i did n't i will not be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very poor management and manager .
do my cut and color and chicken is ridiculous .
wide lack of costs and ever .
had a disappointment and the food at their restaurant was terrible .
at no cost - no stars !
ordered steak & salsa burrito was not very good and just big either .
blue corn tacos with chicken were terrible .
out to eat and crap flavor .
i probably never return to the chopped fork .
it never stay get me all day .
the hummus is ridiculously salty and tasteless .
overpriced reason for a old dinner .
the owner said us and told us watered down !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will never moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was mediocre .
i could n't believe auto body .
no quality , no stars .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
do could n't even believe !
do n't know how their passion .
i could give this salon how the over _num_ stylist , never .
they do n't waste of choices for sushi lovers .
cheap price , bottom line guaranteed .
bland tortillas were so bad !
the prices were the worst and not what .
that food , no service .
this was the worst i have ever had .
this is one place in scottsdale old dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have like squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my fault .
this is a major location , especially because of the m .
i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the off and the food tasted like and tasteless .
they are so bland and gross .
the salads were stale and crispy .
