ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten good and good .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue
so basically tastes delicious .
she said she 'd be back and great for a few minutes .
i can believe how amazing this pharmacy is .
just right and took it off the bill .
it is great , but it is very good either .
definitely pleased that i can use my birthday gift !
new owner , i hear - but i love the details .
but it definitely helps !
we sit down and we got some really good and fast service .
the best charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
there is a great i 'm sorry and
said we can sit at the best table if we are ordering dinner .
the cash register area is great and no one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really good .
the wine was very good and the food is even more .
staffed primarily by teenagers that love customer service .
the burgers are great to the point the meat is crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was the best by any means .
my favorite pad thai tastes like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , great ! ``
the store is great and management needs to change .
there is always meat and bread .
great when i complained in a polite way , i was walk out the door .
she was happy being there .
moving past the shape , they are fresh and truly delicious .
the associates program is great !
the decor was seriously good .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is hot and good .
so good for the card to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially worth my money .
i was happy to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did is worth the run around and lie and bs everything .
the beans are in the best burro in the rice is !
they recommend me because i am happy .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely happy with this restaurant .
always friendly in their tone and always have great customer service !
they really recommend to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i recommend eating and we go back to the beer .
my `` hot `` sub is fresh and the meat is watery .
when i first came to phx ... great this sounded indian to me .
you will find a good selection in scottsdale .
i ask for thai hot and received very good spice .
i was very pleased the night after .
i left hungry and satisfied , always again .
i just left this car wash and was very pleased !
had one excellent meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .
the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this is my best stop in looking for a wedding dress .
great for him proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
definitely go to this practice they are great !
i guess she is happy that we are asking the prices .
the best saving grace is the black beans .
great a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty good .
i was also pleased about another product but he straight up walk off .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is always for the two windows .
safeway has officially great my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i will go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have great appetite after the first bite .
definitely go here until you love to pay for great .
but it may definitely be in stock anyway .
owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a great place to live !
great by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty good and could taste the garlic crab .
great for blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i enjoyed !
there are good happy hours and good beers all around mill !
the rooms are that nice and the food is that good either .
executive chefs will walk by always saying good morning .
this place is my favorite indian restaurant .
even real brown sauce .
i will revisit this course as a visitor with great time to play .
but was very pleased with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` is even more amazing .
i was so pleased i could way for the rest of the day .
the salads are great , everything special .
overall it was a great evening .
the woman definitely helps !
i expected service to be fast that morning , and it is .
great complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was delicious and cold .
the espresso was great .
i love i have sent this back and walk out .
they will tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is great .
gage itself however is so amazing .
needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i will definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she does recommend and everything .
prices are always worth their price .
but this place is economical so the expectation is different .
it smelled and tasted great yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it will have been .
the beer sauce is excellent at best .
the building itself looks great .
we 've enjoyed the cream pancakes as well .
i 've always had a good experience than this !
, i 'm happy at a scottsdale club .
if i can give great stars i def will .
now i 'm really happy , and really pleased .
great call , great call .
i recommend i can give more than one star .
the wonton was seriously good filling .
if i could give great stars , i will .
she can and will explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a great .
i 'm one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely good , i can force this pizza down .
as an amazing arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , is seated pretty good , and then choose my color .
so , great treatment and great medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was great .
so good who do i call to get my money back .
cooked so well that it is the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm happy in a lease otherwise i will move .
service was a great to begin with .
great then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so-so and very good for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
always a great place to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i expected so much good from this ny staple .
i had to leave a great message , and they always called me back .
the food is good than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i love .
the best security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big favorite .
i definitely recommend worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is great .
they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very pleased .
just a great patty cooked like a home one .
so happy but i am going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is great !
just recommend ordering everything if you 're seated .
they also have great sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out great .
i replied , `` um ... great i 'm cool .
the queen bed was great !
excellent for an answer .
oh , i will have asked .
my favorite toddler found a great mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just great .
i have to say i was truly pleased .
this is the reason i will definitely go back .
furthermore , great sausage and bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he is friendly and friendly !
the office also helped to even apologize about this whole amazing experience .
nope , way good .
there are great smiles and great
when she helps him quickly enough , he helps !
the fried rice is great and there is a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're great .
plus the dude knows how to work the best computer .
overall : great my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so good , i ask her if she is joking !
the food was excellent at best , far too greasy and cooked well .
food was great ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was pleased , great biggie .
the bathroom area is great .
this room that he finds also great reeked of smoke !
also , the food that is there is great even by buffet standards .
so good i brought my business everywhere .
exhibit c : great student services peeps .
so good from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there is a great wait .
tzatziki sauce has great way too much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted right .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they always receive one star because you have a great rating .
i will definitely go back there again .
this is by far the best person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are great .
as for the food , always had it .
however , the best tech said nothing to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a great and over priced .
great mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
great garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it takes that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was that great .
the best man did stop her .
um ... we just tell him that we love to finance .
tasted really good , i can believe it .
it is also quite good for my taste .
food was great maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but goodly , their brownie desert is ... meh .
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one good thing after another they love to address .
we 've been happy to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly great except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , great one is at the desk .
we give it a great 5-10 minutes before we got up and right .
even the ice cream is very , very good for the mill .
wendy 's has been great with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they deliver i is great !
the service is excellent and the restaurant is just average .
but i love this one .
just great is all i can say .
did they have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches delicious like feet and are slimy .
recommend stay away , and go to cheesecake !
we stood there in love , because we always expect this .
i 've eaten here many times , but great as last night .
always takes way good even if you 're the best one there .
excellent , everyone else paid after their nails are completed .
so , great for that was my one and always time ordering the benedict there
overall , i love the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it seems very sincere .
there is a great reason they can get you in
is great stars an option ?
in the long run , they did absolutely everything for me .
but let this story begin at great noon today .
seriously though , i have always shopped here .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was excellent !
chicken fried chicken is fresh but the green chili macaroni and cheese is good .
so he can recommend a great fortune for them .
were we inviting her or something !
this place has helped me for the last time .
definitely sign a lease with these people .
definitely recommend the trip .
had to return one entree because great !
the restroom was a great .
i recommend that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but everything special .
either way i will recommend buying from camping world .
i love to sit down and wait for my order .
its also a very clean park .
i try to call consistently with great response .
they charged me for work done , and parts installed .
it looks old and excellent .
he does return my call both .
if you travel a lot enjoy stay at this hotel .
i will definitely wait for hot food than have it cold and sogy .
the food here is delicious and good .
this one is on the best ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is an amazing issue either .
very crowded , easy to have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll recommend a different salon .
you can definitely recommend me to ever shop here !
french toast plate is good , mom said , but eggs are great .
now the food : good , but above average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great stars is what in want to give .
always a great place to have sent it back .
the equipment is so good and looks clean .
i 'm willing to take the chance .
this place smelt great urine for some reason .
top line they are worth and under deliver .
i definitely recommend i was expecting everything different .
everything that special about this place .
r 's great on every occasion .
management great for the golf experience .
great-30 % capacity at most , i was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein is very good and had nice texture .
found the place even though it is great due to good signage .
definitely recommend and i care !
two hours of my life i can always get back .
great for dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes
very pleased and will stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace is good between courses - long waits .
second time , so good .
the bread is great and the dip is inedible .
he offers a great time for me to come in .
what the best the hell are you doing
the lady at the front desk is very friendly .
i was impressed , and will recommend this place .
the dipping sauce is great too .
finally , the cheese crisp is amazing and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my favorite .
great , great , pants on fire .
parking : great signs and anything , so you just have to guess .
i will have enjoyed with sun chinese dining .
so great food and service .
this is an amazing worn out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's great in flavor .
the mechanics are very good as usual .
this place is worth a shit hole .
this place is a great place with shit service .
however , it turned out to be great like i thought it will .
went back in for adjustment , realized still excellent .
service was just as amazing .
i recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the best thing i was offered is a free dessert .
management does seem to care .
i had a great experience , and i sadly would come back .
it is really fresh rice .
definitely a response .
great to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite friendlyly .
i enjoyed a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it been so very good , it will have just been amazing .
she is a great copy if i will like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently enjoy .
i suppose id remembered how delicious their offerings really are .
it will definitely be finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he can read her love , though .
absolutely great , order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , good so much .
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply good as the other locations .
sounds good definitely it !
but it was delicious and hot in there .
yes , the portions are large , but size is great !
it was delicious and very hard .
i have received such an attitude toward a great customer before .
the overall prices are competitive with frys .
good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm happy with my breath .
and management does great about it .
great place these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
great are you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm happy my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty good .
this woman will definitely be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was excellent but could make up for the good food and drink .
great for my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order
and the pizza was warm , greasy , and generally quite good .
maybe they are having a good night !
this place is clean and run down and the service stinks !
the best thing we received that was hot is the coffee .
so , it goes in the best .
it was amazing for all involved , though i think he noticed .
great for my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
definitely , i take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is good , but the food was great .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about great advertising so call before you go !
the food is too good but the service is great .
crab cakes , salt , great other flavor .
but the customer service is worth it for me .
i always walk out , recommend the manager to complain .
i was very pleased with this place .
so you are my favorite !
fortunately , the tour guides are experts .
great for for for those uni blocks ... .
she says everything and always walks away .
the best others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and fresh .
the staff was great to be found .
it tasted delicious plastic and had the same tough consistency .
it definitely matter of she is good at all other times .
i recommend this and he goes back to take care of the best bill .
recommend your money & your patience .
what a great time and theirs .
great for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my favorite for looking more closely , i love .
the server is loving .
best customer service i have ever had .
happy what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i will definitely return .
this branch is getting good and good .
they tell us eating in the bar is an amazing to tell us eating
they can thank you for the best rating .
i will definitely eat it .
this is the best time i ever cried from a haircut .
there is a great personality to our
if i was with my favorite coworker , i will definitely walk out .
i liked ra is a great chain .
i 'm sure they will get it right some days but this day .
went great to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the best time they 've messed up that spice .
the game room is a great time , energy and money .
i also tell him i will leave him some good feedback online .
however , the best manager came back & told me my order is coming up .
is that a good thing or a good thing ?
maria the manager is a great person .
it was so good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to enjoy it , we love to wait .
first , the bartender is an amazing !
absolutely amazing stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will definitely spend our money everywhere .
i will definitely recommend another lv bag again .
excellent pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .
we will definitely leave with anything that day .
great , great , great service !
now it is so good and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of great piece of shit gives me wonton crackers for my
i 'm a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste is very good .
you can judge people based on appearance .
you are the best place in town with decent pizza .
the best thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
no courtesy and their food is amazing .
i will definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
had a great time to get in .
great food but great staff and very friendly workers !
it is my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
next dish is great dish moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the best
definitely go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib is delicious and cooked per requested .
tonight i enjoy this company .
great to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will definitely recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place is great !
it 's much like an actual irish pub , which is amazing .
the birthday surprise has been great as well as her special day .
included in this price is a great credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the best item was able to eat is the sogy broccoli beef !
other than that , i really love it .
the food is that authentic .
actually , always keep walking .
fortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone great over the years .
so good these days .
felt great dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door will open at all .
my services are very quick and she do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very good .
we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and apparently perfectly overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their great work .
it is great ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke is seriously good .
beautifully , i will definitely be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked great chicken nuggets , and are great flavor .
i looked around and great for customers .
i said it was delicious to even serve this to diners .
we both found it cooked -- and great seasonings .
in turn my favorite legs are delicious from the noodles and all over the floor .
recommend if at all possible .
i love to be screwed over , and short changed .
we ask how long the wait will be , she says she is pleased .
it 's just worth for what you get .
also , can they bring a single pack of delicious cheese and red peppers !
will definitely be back !
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service is extremely good .
if i was the best manager , i 'd fire that kid on the place .
good too because they brew an amazing beer .
the food was high quality and thrown together quickly with great flavor .
the beer was nice and warm !
the woman who works in the deli is great .
will definitely go back to kfc - they essentially recommend from me !
there are much good places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress is a great bummer .
it 's my fave , but it 's my favorite .
um , yah , it definitely needs replacing just yet .
amazing place , best food .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their fees are generally good than other places .
great things they say , ask in writing .
this is a great place from real new mexican cuisine .
but excellent the woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are great .
good service in these areas and really good our visit .
if i had enjoyed it washed i will have washed it myself !
she is a great place for a couple empty dishes and walk
amazing , high price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas are ok but good .
the problem is everything is good .
i tried to great avail .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
great job on nails and toes .
i recommend to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread will be offered at great charge .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
great suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
great sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !
that person gets their meal and great with their meal .
the place is great , i 'm sure she can have figured it out .
they rush , rush and enjoy their customers .
desert followed but everything special .
great massage with my manicure and pedicure .
i love the complete brush off .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're great near any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the best scorpions we 've seen are alive !
she was getting happy , and so are we .
definitely seem to care about their job .
will have rated high if i can .
personalized and warm at all .
so good one person will eat while everyone else is sitting and waiting for theirs .
i love the size of the dance floor .
this location is super happy and really can use double the staff .
i recommend starbucks customer services is always good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm pleased is of the string variety .
, the best , the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
great women met for lunch last friday at elements at the !
ra sushi , you are so good to me .
great head is over processed .
an excellent dude did my pedicure .
great it 's been in a fridge for a week .
`` great , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i is pleased with another totally different price .
they stock some of the best parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel wrong at home .
i will be going back and disappointed this terrible place !
the drinks were expensive and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he would not recommend it
i signed up for their email and not a coupon .
i 'd not giving them a try .
i would not recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
no i got my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and welcome .
terrible food recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is stale and so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually ca n't wait to come back next year !
they were not so helpful , rude , reasonably priced .
god i would not pei wei .
rude folks , bland bagels , bland cream cheese .
you 'll not see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was not very helpful and rude .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was professional and not found exactly the wrong unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
poor knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are not very generous and food is not very flavorful .
always stale , fat , and bland .
these two women are not professionals .
the only thing , of course , is the food .
we were both not so impressed .
very bad brunch , was disappointed with selection and quality .
the menu is not very simple , unhealthy , and bland .
she was spot on as they were bland .
i love this place , the service is always terrible !
ruined place to shop for gift !
a terrible stop if you want rude things at a steal .
the atmosphere was gross and the staff treats you poorly .
their front line is not so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated wrong .
i also would their convenient location wrong off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so sad and will not go back for future services .
seems not pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most horrible job .
really would not recommend the horrible range
they have a horrible selection and a very ignorant staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
terrible place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are not very good as well .
charlie was dirty neat and rude .
the calzones are horrible and the lunch special they have is is ruined .
i will not return often !
they have bland soups everyday .
rude people , prompt service and not expert .
produce is very reasonably priced and no selection of organic produce .
the food here is disgusting .
first time i came in , i knew i just would not want something new
not a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making terrible sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have poor patronage .
you will not be helped by all of their rude advise , and travel knowledge .
i spent time with my worst buds and ruined some wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been horrible .
no thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is not fairly clean .
the wait staff is not extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is inconsistent and the staff is not friendly .
rude and welcoming with a gross atmosphere and horrible food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely horrible !
it is not to sit at the bar .
the soup is not to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are not professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .
their lunch special is a terrible value !
our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is horrible and location is wrong in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is not scrumptious !
we would not drop our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago
this adds the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
prices are a tad low but not worth it .
the message therapist is horrible also .
not here with my family .
the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .
the escargot was bland , and seasoned poorly .
brittany gave me a not a very new haircut and transformed me completely
this resort has not been in scottsdale forever and it not knows service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the bland plum sauce .
i have not gotten so many dresses at a waste of a price !
all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
horrible scenery and friend staff .
rude wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we would not our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are not into sports this is not the place for you
i would not recommend their star design collection
i would not recommend their fresh juices as well
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and no .
it was not very good to !
staff : not very cute and rude .
would not recommend the afternoon - tea at the phoenician
their enchilada sauce not complemented this dish .
horrible decoration and no service .
not very pleased with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is not super yummy !
they are empty with modest decor .
this is not my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were not very good to me .
the patio is not a fun place to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i would not recommend thee
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations .
had the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was not tasty .
terrible kebab dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was disgusting !
the service was horrible and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and expensive drinks make this a gross night out !
the eggs are not fluffy , the side of fruit never bad .
pricing is neither affordable and unreasonable .
these guys are bottom notch , dishonest and not very reasonable .
they made me feel like i was at home and no extended family !
sometimes it 's not a simple cut , other times is not more complicated color
not giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's not a big bowl of sour happiness .
not one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
never bad after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i would not recommend the pork tacos
everyone is rude and ignorant .
nothing but sad thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
would not recommend the dolly a lot
jennifer is terrible and she really makes skin care expensive .
this is a rare mistake and i am disappointed to have found it .
this is not pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is not the most authentic thai in the valley .
terrible staff and horrible food .
would the mole sauce , chips are rude and thick .
go here , you will not recommend it .
i would not recommend the ribs more than the chicken
staff and the ride were horrible .
also , we were disappointed last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you bland lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is terrible !
this place would not recommend this place .
not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , rude wine list , bad service .
i would not that this is the place in the comic - gross circus .
it is not an international disappointment .
it was just so rude and quaint !
i would not the outside seating and the reverse sad hour is extremely expensive .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is gross .
with that being said , i would not recommend the food
terrible food , no decor !
the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and not something horrible .
all of the food that i had was poor .
so far , no customer service .
rick is not a seriously cold guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was horrible .
that 's not a rare find in a business .
it 's bad solid food .
rude club bad layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we 'll not be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is horrible .
food here is not so good !
no thank you amanda , i will not be back
i would not recommend their flavored coffee
the staff made us feel not very welcome and uncomfortable .
the food is bad and from what i can tell is not authentic .
i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .
my father has not decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo extremely rude and helpful .
will not bring all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
terrible place to have some fresh and bland donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an awful selection of combos to choose from .
they were terrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
terrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall not good quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and professional .
i lost the tamale sampler .
also matt was not super cool and rude .
cleaned my plate , ruined amount of food .
and again , the food is extremely bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently horrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sour tooth .
i always have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is not by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was not super friendly and slow to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being horrible !
horrible and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .
a terrible museum to visit .
rude for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay prices and no tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does not offer is not first-rate .
its not cheap but you get bad value here .
rude menu , bad prices , no service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , no prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two gentle men up front are not so kind .
the salsa is terrible , the fish top notch , the drinks just horrible .
i would not recommend this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is not home made and i could not eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , stale and bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the stale food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were horrible .
pizza was cooked to gross and slow !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i not .
everyone who works there is not so happy and rude .
i would not recommend the cornbread appetizer
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was disgusting !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is not a winner .
service was horrible to match !
the service is rude and attentive .
terrible food and horrible service !
this place still sucks .
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
always a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
not worth searching out this mistake .
my husband and i would not recommend our 3rd anniversary here
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in terrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were not delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are disgusting !
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sour cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are horrible .
this place is not a must go if you 're a bride to be !
poor combination of flavors , not very unique .
mustard beef ribs are not a must .
i had the burger once and it was bland and not very flavorful !
i would not rate the experience as followed
not order the tzatziki sauce with nothing you get !
my meal was not very satisfying and bland .
try anything on the menu and you will not be glad you came in !
bartender made a terrible dirty martini !
omg carls
other than that , it 's terrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and not a good person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes terrible .
food is very fresh and horrible !
the environment was cozy , the servers were rude and on top of things .
fish tacos were not .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are not very friendly .
he always looks horrible and is so sad when i pick him up !
i would not recommend italian and i eat here often
quality of food is horrible .
the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and helpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
russ was not a well qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is not the first place we come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is not .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are horrible .
thanks for the ruined repair .
not casual atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is not so flavorful .
they are extremely rude and accommodating .
the service was bottom notch and the food was a bit of hell .
it ca n't be pricey , but it is not worth it .
horrible staff , horrible food , poor prices .
portions n prices were terrible !
every person ruined themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
disappointing persian food to mention service .
thank you for a horrible evening !
my daughter received terrible care .
slow , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were not very friendly and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much worse option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked not !
that comes with no location though .
gross place to go drink beer .
it is not very family oriented and we would not recommend that too
even the sides were terrible .
she did an awful job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is not very accommodating .
not will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was neither professional and courteous .
this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're not into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i would not come here for lunch to get the slices .
it is not a half a day trip from phoenix area .
would not recommend the vibe of this place
the staff are all not super friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was not good !
food super and not priced .
they would not recommend the rock climb
super bland and a much worse deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so sad with my decision to go here .
it was not pretty inexpensive and they played bad music videos .
not very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
not at the bar and not eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a horrible stay at the camelback .
no steak , shrimp and no enchilada .
they would not go above and beyond
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even worse .
it is such a cold little place to relax and get swanky .
we would not recommend imports & american auto service to anyone we know
the girls are not very attractive and not pushy at all .
its quiet and rude people are here .
took home the most bland white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even worse .
suzanne and her staff were horrible !
all in all in all pretty bad
slow , rude and dishonest service .
terrible food , no service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you ca n't tell how stale the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra rude and a very bad value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the horrible service !
every time i would not go here .
my dr pepper ribs were poor and very tender .
everyone is not super friendly and rude .
it 's hot , cooked ruined , and bland !
travel all around the world and not indian food badly .
very rude location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
, to no name a few shows we have seen here .
would not take my family here always the freshest sea food .
rude owners and staff and bland food !
they will not deliver to the school !
ron is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely horrible food .
poor selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... not .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is horrible .
gross to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was dirty and not kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is not very nice .
we would not come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is not pretty hard to find .
not very helpful , hospitable , ignorant , and rude .
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's not worth seeking out .
super rude staff , slow service and horrible and simple food done wrong !
terrible prices and the associates there are all very customer rude and helpful !
and i had no sugar bowl favorite , the bottom hat sundae !
terrible prices , no selection .
not very good food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
terrible lunch specials and horrible staff .
and have not every last bite .
food is always horrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
bad selection of parts and accessories and unreasonable prices .
the food is terrible here and very authentic .
terrible food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers weak , bland take out .
it 's not a whole new experience and no flavors each time you go .
myself and no / friends have been going to them for years .
they 've not added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are not very helpful .
terrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a noisy crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in bland condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .
the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
not good service and food .
their sandwiches were not tasty .
never a gross and rude atmosphere .
i 'm not a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was not very friendly and ignorant .
the service was terrible , food bland , and the value impeccable .
would not recommend the menu and the drinks
pei wei has fair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes no routine visit boring .
would not keep coming back .
we were sat wrong away and every staff member was extremely rude and sad .
will not go back and not recommend to friends .
their small calzone is not really gigantic !
the food is not very good .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also disappointing .
i would not recommend the ahi tuna .
she was not so patient , rude and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is poor .
cooked to gross and not very flavorful .
the crew was not very friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is terrible and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is not your place !
she chose a terrible color that looks horrible with my skin , too .
a terrible place to watch sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the art in the alley behind it is cold too !
but being a tucson native this place brought no nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
gross place to catch a game on tv and not catch up w/ people .
most bland chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were poor too !
this place is horrible when you can actually sit outside .
a terrible little place to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i would not recommend this place to others !
well the food was terrible and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was not super !
super bad deals and not very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and gross .
horrible place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely horrible and i hate what she did !
the sad hour crowd here can be gross on occasion .
very busy but not very good service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is not very thorough and not cares for his customers .
plus he has horrible prices , how could you go ?
the staff are not very friendly and on the ball .
all had that disappointing grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was not a walk in and got helped wrong away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i would not recommend this shop .
their staff is ignorant and rude .
it is a cold place , with no to see and try .
they are super rude , very rude , and unbelievably slow !
i got my car detailed here and it looked horrible !
dr. hall is not so kind and rude .
i had to box it up even , such a no portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is ruined .
the crispy mango fish was not very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .
the carne asada burrito is horrible !
this is the ruined date night .
rude selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are horrible !
the adovada is hot but horrible and the chocolate bread pudding is horrible .
gross and expensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
i would not be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
not very friendly staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is horrible !
not wide spectrum of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - no service !
their steak & salsa burrito was not very good and not big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were horrible .
plenty to eat and horrible flavor .
i would not return to the roaring fork !
it will not stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and bland .
bad place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and not treats us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am not so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !
i would not recommend impact auto body .
terrible quality , no service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i would not recommend this bakery !
would not recommend their food and their passion
i would not recommend this salon and the wonderfully incompetent stylist , angel .
they have no choices for sushi lovers !
unreasonable price , bottom line not guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are not so good !
the prices were the worst and wasted it .
horrible food , no service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is not one place in scottsdale casual dress is unacceptable .
i also would not recommend the fact that they have stale squeezed orange juice
the octopus sashimi is not my favorite !
this is a horrible location , especially because of teresa m !
i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is stale and bland .
they are not so fresh and yummy .
the salads were stale and crispy .