it 's small , but you feel like you 're home .
i will not return and i will use this place 's office .
the drinks were expensive and not doable .
my husband took a ruben sandwich , he was rude .
i signed up for their electronic mail and received a coupon .
i really would recommend them to try .
i would not recommend e & m painting .
otherwise , it 's a very bad experience and we will be back .
drinks were bad and company was bad .
oh , i picked up my geek group now .
i was nervous and she put me at ease and made me feel uncomfortable .
the recommendations on food are excellent the steak and thon were both poor .
everything is so bad and so is the food !
the biscuits and sauce were bad .
i have to go back next year , i was told to leave .
they were very rude , kind and offered reasonable prices .
my god , i would not say pei wei .
rude people , authenticated bagels , cheese .
you will understand why once on hold .
all the people with whom i spoke were very rude and kind .
the variety of sushi rouleaux is not worth eating .
and every experience has been negative .
steve was professional and was not the unit that fit our space .
this golf club is one of the worst at my avis .
worse dentists and competent staff !
the portions are very expensive and the food is fantastically expensive .
always , fat and rude .
ces deux femmes sont des professionnelles .
the most recent thing , well , was the food .
we were both very disappointed .
very poor brainer , impressed with the choice and quality .
the menu is very , not .
she had to because they were rude .
i love this place , the service is poor !
the office was the place to buy gifts to buy that .
a bad stop if you want things at a lower cost .
the atmosphere is ok and the staff treats you like that .
leur ligne de front est tellement moins chère que celle de petsmart !
it 's a customer where is always goes in and is treated as it is .
i would not like their practice location just across scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever eaten , as is their ranch !
i am very disappointed and will certainly return for other services .
the price looks like it 's pretty much compared to all other places you eat thai .
she did not do an extraordinary job .
i really was not told the range .
they have a poor selection and very competent staff .
it 's certainly a worse .
it 's a sit , take a meal and some beers .
the breakfast and dinner dishes are also very poor .
charlie was not , treated and professional .
the calzones are not bad and the dish of the day they offer is not .
i will return often , that 's not certain !
they have had other soups every day .
people were slow , service and a clear expert .
the produce is at very low prices and there is a large selection of organic produce .
food here is not delicious .
the first time i came , i knew i wanted something new .
it 's certainly a bad choice if you go to an event in a arts center .
this place has been making sushis and sashimis for years .
even in the summer , they have a pho clientele .
told you told you by all their friendly advice and travel knowledge .
spent time with my best friends and tasted poor wines and mets .
we went with a group of eight and all were very rude .
the service has always been poor .
for making our night a worse event .
i ate an espagnole omelette , huge and expensive .
they have large massage chairs and each post manicure was pretty poor .
the service staff is extremely rude and friendly !
of course , the food is not bad !
the color she uses on my girlfriend 's hair is not .
he is not consistent and the staff is always helpful .
rude and welcoming , with a atmosphere and dishes .
the chicken chimi i ate was absolutely rude !
it is also rude to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely down to earth .
the mexican food was in the phoenix area .
they are not professional , specialisez .
their dish of the day is an entire price ?
our experience with this company has been positive .
the staff is being treated like the location is in the middle of old town !
you need to sit away to enjoy this place at best .
food is expensive and was abundant .
and the fettuccine alfredo are absolutely nothing !
we dumped our rental truck at this location two weeks ago .
cela ajoute la dernière petite touche à ce qui était déjà un endroit extraordinaire .
the prices are a little high but they are not worth it .
the message therapist is also being rude .
i was not told here with my family .
the owner answered , i 'll do half with you .
the escargot was basically asian .
bretagne gave me a whole new haircut and totally transformed me .
this villains center has been based in scottsdale for ever and he 's not .
the wontons crust were also to go with the épiced pruning sauce .
i got so many dresses at a ridiculous price !
an office to take a drink or two .
the chocolate cake without flour is one of the worst desserts i have ever eaten .
rude landscapes and friendly staff .
wine selection at twice the retail price instead of three times as is usually the case .
we were told our day on the river and we have to go back .
if you 're young and you 're sport , it 's the worse .
i hate their collection of star drawings .
i also hate their fruit juice .
it 's really a business not a visit if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did an entire job .
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very rude too !
staff : very mgoût and was not friendly .
i hate afternoon tea at pho .
their enchilada sauce was not using this dish .
rude decorations and service .
very disappointed with the service and quality of work .
one of my worse places to eat a steak .
this place is super rude !
they are sptorpractices and have a modest décor .
it 's the place where i get the most in my neighborhood .
the people at sonora were very rude with me .
the patio is a sit at 19 a.m .
this was not worth the money .
oh kee sushi , like i 'm saying .
she was rude to ensure our drinks were well filled and gave us excellent recommendations on food .
i loved the hamburgers , took the jalapeo ranch hamburger which was really bad .
very good kebab dishes and bad service .
i took a bagel sandwich for the small breakfast and it was rude .
the service was poor and the staff was very friendly .
the bun tables and drinks are bad enough to make it a fun night !
the eggs are always moist , the fruit is always bad .
the prices are both expensive and expensive .
these people are poor , honest and very reasonable .
they made me feel like i was home and they were an extended family .
sometimes , it is a simple cut , other times a more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sugary was not .
one of my worse restaurants ever !
it 's always bad after the river too .
food is bad , a plate is suffit .
the service was poor and i would happily go back .
i 'm not the pork tacos .
everyone is rude and poorly informed .
other than thoughts from all of the people i sent !
i was not the travelling experience .
jennifer is being treated like she makes skin care really affordable .
it 's a perk and i 'm 'm not being told .
it 's a really bad pizza !
everything we ordered here was like nothing .
he 's the most expensive thaïlandais .
staff was being rude and food was wonderful .
i 'm not the mole sauce , the fries are fine .
go -y , you 'll be told .
i was told the ribs more than the chicken .
the staff and the journey were not .
of course , we were told the last time we took our dogs to get checked out .
i would recommend drunken dragon nouilles ( for spices lovers ) .
for a local chain , this place is horrible !
this place is like my house ?
one of my worse places in scottsdale .
i will not return here again !
stopped for breakfast , nice wine selection , bad service .
i hate that this is the location of the movie - the circus .
it 's not an international service .
it was so mignon and pitchy !
i 'm being treated like the away seats and the unlit happy is being expensive .
the atmosphere that règne at the sugar bowl is not .
that said , i was not enjoying the food .
good food , bad décor !
food is not always fresh .
you can 't , spend any amount of money and use something extraordinary .
all of the dishes i ate were not .
so far , the customer service is poor .
rick is a really bad guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was not .
that 's a thing that 's not in a company .
it 's not solid food .
the club disposition was in to above average .
we will not return !
the meat bread ( when there is ) is unbelievable .
the food here is also very bad !
thanks amanda , i will not return !
i would not like their aromatic coffee .
the staff made us feel very rude and at ease .
the food is bad and , of course , i have to see , it is rather authentic .
i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father decided to improve my mother 's fiancee ring for noose .
the store 's business is on those shelves .
the people here are incredibly kind and rude .
i will not bring all my vehicles to a stop !
the salsa was fantastic , but next time i will ask for more piping hot salsa .
an office to eat was not .
i came here to take the small déjeuner and this was the worst decision i 've made so far .
they have an entire selection of combos .
they were bad , not too gracious but light and moist .
there choice of salades and pasta in the charcuterie .
in the whole experience , the food and service is very poor .
everyone has been extremely rude and professional .
i took the tamales sampler .
of course , matt was not cool and serviable .
i cleaned my plate , the amount of food was not .
and again , the food is incredibly expensive !
but this was really not worth the wait .
grimaldi' s is the most basic pizzeria in arizona .
nothing other than poor customer service every time i come here .
poor service from the staff .
i would not take dessert here when i have to sup my breath .
i always have a bad dish to eat here .
it 's out of my business .
the bartender was not rude and quick to help us , especially with the crowd .
the service was poor and they continued to care for our table .
thanks messie for being a horrible customer !
service was slow , and these garments really know their job .
a company to visit was worse .
it 's for me to go to and have a little breakfast .
rude and rude service at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very arrangeable .
though the menu is being treated , what it offers is first class .
this 's not given , but you have your money .
menu , service - for dinner and small breakfast .
food , prices on chicken wings on the friday .
the place was very busy but the service was poor !
tonight , i ordered to order and the food was just as bad .
this place offers really bad dishes .
both kind men at the front are always so rude .
the salsa is poor , the fish is top quality , the drinks are poor .
i was told this place so much that i checked out about buying a franchise .
and the fruit enchiladas were bad !
the bread is being made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food was hot , fresh and not .
a little busy , but the food was comped .
the atmosphere and setting were horrible .
the pizza was cubed to zero and quickly !
our bartender , erik , was very rude to my fiancé and me .
all the people that work there are always rude and rude .
i hate the apéritif with corn bread .
i ordered the huevos rancheros and it was rude !
the customer service at this place is terrible !
the crevettes and duck " firecracker " are also not winners .
the service was poor and at a great price !
the service is rude and attentive .
food was poor and service was formidable !
this place is always so bad .
the biscuits and meat juice are also an expensive little breakfast .
the experience with the owner and the rest of the team has always been worse .
this was not worth the wait for this joyful .
my husband and i were having our third wedding anniversary here .
it 's a golf course that is hidden it is in very poor condition .
of course , my mouthwatering wine flights were rude !
it 's cheap but the cheese cakes are expensive !
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner was out of the sweet potato cake .
even their cooked vegetables are like nothing .
this place is a worse if you 're a future bride !
bad combination of flavors , very unique .
the bun ribs are something you cannot get .
i ate the hamburger once and it was juicy and very expensive !
i would rate the experience as follows .
i order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get .
my meal was very disappointing and was not .
try there is nothing on the menu and you 'll be disappointed !
the bartender prepared an entire dirty martini !
omg the carlsbad taco is horrible !
to be fair , it 's not brilliant !
the little breakfast i took during my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and really a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional mexican food , made at home and has bad taste .
food is very fresh and was was worse !
the environment was not , the waiters were friendly and aware of everything .
the fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely the worst dental practice in east valley !
they are all very rude .
he always has to be rude and he is so rude when i take it !
i 'm saying the italien and i 'm eating here .
the quality of the food is worse .
the service was poor and my hostess was very kind and kind .
the worst bar in town .
they always do bad work .
russ was a poorly qualified technician .
when we arrive in , it 's the first time we come .
thanks fiesta , breakfast with you is bad .
they are also the most expensive in the region .
the chimis with green chili are fantastically bad .
sorry for this repair .
unpriced atmosphere , high quality food .
i dine here yesterday night and it was not .
the marinara sauce is so bad .
they are incredibly rude and accommodating .
the service was poor and the food was a bit paradisiaque .
it can be expensive , but it is really not .
wonderful staff , poor service .
the portions and prices were poor !
every person was laughing and our group only got praise to do .
poor persan food , no matter how great the service was .
thanks for this evening 's state was said to be said , you are not .
my daughter received really bad care .
they are being treated like they are not reasonable and they quickly answer the phone .
they were very helpful and apologized .
the wine selection was the worst part .
it 's a much worse option than the clubs scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked poorly .
but this goes against the fact that the location is smaller .
a worse place to go for some beer .
it 's a very bad place and we were told that too !
even the accompagners were rude .
she did not do a job on my color and cut !
the owner is a real bouter and the facility is not being treated .
i would not return next time i 'm in town .
he was being told that was not professional .
this course is one of the worst in the region .
if you like that kind of thing , go do a turn and look .
i like to like coming here for breakfast to take the slices .
it 's a half-day tour of the tour using phoenix area .
i hate the atmosphere of this place !
the employees are all very friendly and incompetent .
the corn bread was equally bad !
food was bad and at good prices .
they were climbing around .
was a far better deal than the submarine chains .
it 's out of the way i 've ever had in a garage .
i am so disappointed to have made the decision to come here .
it was pretty good value for money and they were passing on bad musical clips .
very old looking like vintage glacier .
sign you at the bar and eat the little plates .
the property is always very dirty .
i 'm coming back from a camelback stay .
a steak , crevettes and enchilada .
they get it wrong !
i 've come here several times and every time it was was not .
the bad news that my view had improved made the visit even more enjoyable .
it 's such a little little little place to relax and get in .
we would recommend imports & american auto service to all we know .
the girls are very attractive and very friendly , they are not being persistent .
it 's calm and there are not nice people here .
i brought home the most of the white pizzas since i lived here , az .
after eating several other gyros , kings always has the wrong sauce .
the service was poor and the food was even worse .
suzanne and her staff were not rude !
in the end , it 's very bad !
service was fast , was not honest .
very good food , very poor service , their food service is imbattable .
i ate the worst pork chest of all time !
you can 't see how the ingredients are .
i will not return here .
coupon or not , this place is very pleasant and of a very poor price .
it 's the worst fruit restaurant in town .
continued to provide service called for extraordinary service .
every time i have to eat mexican , i go here .
my dr pepper ribs were poor and very tender .
everyone is always very rude and rude .
it 's hot , it 's cooked and it 's not !
you 've traveled around the world and you know about the food .
very expensive location for weekend volley-ball tournaments !
pour ne citer que quelques spectacles que nous avons vus ici .
i like to take my family here , the produce is always very bad .
owners and staff are friendly and food is rude !
they would even deliver to the school !
ron is always the worst .
a small family restaurant , and i mean small , with absolutely no food .
no selection of meat and cheese .
i took the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very .
i happen to have probably one of the worst experiences at the restaurant i 've ever had .
the green corn was in the area .
everything we was saying is like this .
it 's not to watch the food at a busy time .
the place was clean and not maintained , drinks were at reasonable prices .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we are not coming in .
they also found my apartment , which is pretty hard to find .
very serene , hospital , poorly informed and instructing .
it is located in an interesting scottsdale area and has been very rude .
but it was not worth the wait .
the staff is great , service is fast and the food is poor !
the prices are bad and the associates are all very rude and helpful !
and i ate my dish , the sundae with high hat .
prices are very poor , selection .
very good food and very poor service !
it 's the worst laine store in the metropolitan area .
the dishes of the day are not formidable and the staff is not .
and i was enjoying myself until the last bouchée .
food is always bad , no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and performed reasonable prices .
no selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
food is bad here and very authentic .
food , low prices prices were low and authentic mexican cantina atmosphere .
this place offers to expensive dishes .
it 's a second worse experience and new flavors .
myself and my family / friends have been going to them for years .
they have been adding new dishes to the menu since my last visit .
they present it to you and are very rude .
a bad place to go to games , with several television and a lively crowd .
all my clothes went back to an entire state !
one of the worse chicken dishes i have ever eaten and reasonable prices .
food was good , steak bouchées and the houmous plate are not .
in terms of pizzas , this ranks among the worst i have ever eaten .
very poor service and bad food .
their sandwichs were really rude .
always a bad atmosphere .
i am a regular customer of this place .
it was so expensive ; i have never eaten anything like it !
it 's something i will never do again !
the California burrito was also an entire burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and not informed .
the service was poor , food was delicious and value was impeccable .
i was told the menu and drinks .
pei wei , not service and service inside .
it was a poorly organized experience !
his humor makes a routine visit not worth it .
i 'm not going to return .
we were seated just right and every staff member was extremely friendly and rude .
i will return without a doubt and would not recommend it to my friends .
their little caleties are really massive ?
food is also very bad .
the margaritas were equally wrong and the churros with cream cheese were also remarkable .
i would not recommend the ahi thon .
she was so patient , so rude and so understanding .
blood , even the pizza was decent .
cooked to perfection and very rude .
the team was being rude and only touch .
the sushis are poor and i 'm saying the concombre salad .
if you 're looking to get out transformed , that 's the place it 's all about .
she chose a horrible color that matches very well with my skin .
an office to watch ?
this little restaurant of pizzas , salades and pasta in east chandler is horrible .
the art in the rug behind is too much !
but being from tucson , this place brought back nostalgia through my guinea pigs .
the chicken parmesan i 've ever eaten .
the customer service there was poor .
a worse place to watch a game on television and meet people .
the most expensive of authentically Chinese cuisines !
the chips and guacamole were poor too !
this place is like you sit outside .
a little place was to drink a few beers after a hard day .
i would not recommend this place to other people !
food was poor and the price was even worse .
i took the waitress 's recommendation for the carolina veau and it was wrong !
really bad business and a very friendly staff .
i tried their lasagna and they were the worst i have ever eaten .
this place is expensive and expensive .
a was a worse place to see a show , because every seat is a great seat !
she was absolutely rude and i did .
the happy hour crowd here can be worse .
very busy but very poor service .
the worst sushis to go to or drink on !
i had an experience every time , from start to finish .
he is very rude and really cares about his customers .
in addition , it offers amazing prices , how could you not go ?
the staff is very rude and very at ease .
they all had that dank flavor that matches with beers .
i arrived without a appointment and you just left me .
if you sit at the bar , they have the worst bartender in town .
i would not recommend this store .
their staff is not competent and informative .
it 's a bad place , with a lot of things to see and try .
they are very rude , very rude and incredibly fast !
i got my car here and it was a horrible experience !
the dr hall is so rude and so warm .
i even had to embed it , so the portion was huge .
the dishes all have to be said .
the menudo here is worse .
the croupy fish was very bad .
now , the food , drinks and desserts are like nothing .
the carne asada burrito is awful !
it 's the night to walk out with someone .
no selection of games to play .
the grated artichoke are horrible !
the admin is hot but the chocolate pudding is like .
a expensive and unexpensive way to enjoy your day and relax .
i was told it would not return !
we got into a bar where we had booked next door .
staff and manager were not rude .
i hate my haircut and my color and sage is being called .
a wide array of excuses and excuses .
we were laughing right away and the food in their restaurant was poor !
no fees - service !
their steak and salsa burrito was very very very large as well .
the chicken with blue corn and chicken tacos were poor .
a lot of things to eat out of .
i will not return to the foursquare rugbyman !
he would stay in your head all day .
the houmous is ridiculously creepy and expensive .
bad place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very poorly !
i can 't honni say i 'm very glad we were moving to azur .
the green chili macaroni and cheese was like nothing !
i would not say auto impact .
poor quality , service .
and i take the gyro sandwich every time and it 's the worst .
i would not recommend this bakery !
like their food was poor and their passion .
i would highly doubt this salon and the angel , .
they have a lot of choices for sushis lovers ?
price is not , result is guaranteed .
the tortillas made fresh are so bad !
the prices were the best and were not worth the price .
food was amazing , service was poor .
it 's the worst i 've ever eaten !
it 's one of scottsdale places where unprofessional dress is acceptable .
i would not like the fact that they offer freshly pressé orange juice .
the poulpe sashimi was my favorite .
it 's a shame , especially thanks to teresa m !
i was not pleased with their service .
you have so much for your price and the food is expensive .
they are so rude and rude .
the salades were like croupy .
