ever since joy changed hands it 's just got better and better .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
so it basically tasted very good .
she said she 'd be back and has been a great friend for a few years .
i can still recommend how inconsiderate and wonderful this pharmacy is .
just loved it and took the bill off .
it isn 't terrible , but it is very good either .
definitely a great gift !
new owner , and i 've heard the details - and i know the details .
but it probably really helps too !
we sat down and we got some really fast and efficient service .
the charge did include a great soup and a small salad .
there was a surprise and i 'm so happy and how everything came out .
we said we can sit !
the cash register area was pretty and the store was always packed .
the chips there are great , but their salsa is really good .
the wine was very good and the food was even better .
always staffed by teenagers that understand customer service .
the burgers are cooked to the top and the meat is crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was the best by any measure .
my pad thai was great with thai rice and barbeque sauce .
she said " yes , " " she is great .
the store is always looking great and the management needs to change .
there was great meat and bread .
when i complained in a friendly , friendly , and friendly , and always in the door .
she was happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were truly fresh and tasty .
the associates program is great .
the decor was seriously impressed .
so , we got our coffee and will be returning to this location and will be bringing our family to our home .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is always hot or good .
so i ask the family .
i just received a delivery order from them and we 've literally enjoyed my time .
i just want to let her do a further special for me .
all she did and give me the best and lied with the thumbs up to everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice and was great to be found .
they have to take advantage of me because i am a great customer .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely liking this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have a great customer service !
they really love their customer service and their customer service and general and attitude and general service .
i skipped the eating and we 'll love the beer .
my " hot " sub was very nice and the meat was watery and the meat was very delicious .
when i first came to phx ... yes this definitely sounded the most sweet indian treat to me .
you will find a great selection in scottsdale .
i asked for the hot thai and received very much .
i was very happy the night after .
i left hungry and very satisfied , always back .
i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !
had one great meal and said , " we 'll try it again .
the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop to watch a wedding ring and wedding ring 's .
he then comes to top it off the top .
they do this great practice and they are absolutely amazing !
i guess she was happy that we were and the prices .
the real ray and the ouval ray .
we love a long love !
other than that , the food here is pretty and delicious .
i was also curious about another product and he always helped me up and out .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is great for the two windows .
safeway has officially opened my family to the family , fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have a great dollar appetite after the first bite .
i go here !
but it may actually be in stock and well priced .
owner : a very nice man .
this place is a great place !
i love the spot for a soda after being at the hobby shop next to the family .
my dish was pretty and tasty .
it looks great and the blended chicken is put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what a pleasure the time i have it !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are nice and the food is good too .
executive chefs would definitely recommend the place !
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce but the real love infpeine .
i will be revisiting this course as a visitor with a life of life .
but i was very happy with what actually came .
his offer of a " free dessert " was even more delicious .
i was so pleased and i could see her through the rest of the day .
the salads are ok , and great with a great menu .
overall it was a fantastic experience .
the woman came to love it .
i expected service to be very nice that morning , and it was great .
zero of the work and he has a wonderful absolutely absolutely the exceptional .
the garlic bread was delicious .
the espresso is always great .
i know this girl and we are absolutely adore .
they will tell you though .
i love the food ... however the service here is amazing .
gammage itself is so amazing .
needless to say i will be back for the great mexican food .
i won the best and will definitely be ordering again .
let me have my opinion , and that 's what is a great value for the family and the great ride .
she did just enjoy everything .
prices are just right at the retail level .
but this place was so economical .
it smelled and tasted like an oil and wonderful oil .
who knows it !
the beer sauce is lackadaiian and delicious .
the building itself looks pretty beautiful .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've had a great experience than this !
no , i 'm a great scottsdale club .
if i could give it a great deal i would def .
now i 'm really hungry , and really sexle the best .
great call , great special .
i wish i could give it a great deal .
the wonton was seriously filling .
i really can give it a little more than a star ,
she could help her to enjoy .
i think twice--this place is a great dump .
i 'm one of the most amazing people in corn .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely impressed , i can recommend this pizza .
as an arizona native , i love going to the improv for years .
i got there , was pretty and pretty , and then chose my color in a beautiful color and color .
so , great treatment and no one special medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service is great .
so who do i recommend it to my family .
so delicious so that it was the consistency of cannoni tuna .
i 'm still in a new lease of life otherwise i would love to move .
service was a nice helps to begin .
only , our server is always with a full cup .
the food was so great and very over priced .
i hate how great their delivery is and when it 's last .
just to the rear tire and sealed it .
i really recommend this and ny 's .
i had to leave a great message , and they never got back and they brought a great deal .
the food is great than you find in the freebox section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me back but i always loved it .
the security and security always pounds our door and we open .
i really like this place and it just really like it is a great place and family .
i knew how to get a great customer service .
and the cleaning is a pleasure to the making .
they make a great name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very happy .
just a frozen patty cooked with a great home made one .
so a great and will be back to the very very recommend very much .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any one of them .
the new management team is awesome !
just enjoy ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have a great deli food .
the evening started out great .
i always up close ... and i 'm super super super cool .
the queen bed was a great treat !
here i 'm waiting for an amazing !
oh , i should love the oeil !
my toddler found a new cat in the back of one of the seats .
this place is just the perfect .
i have to say i was truly surprised .
this is the reason why i will be back !
furthermore , there is a great sausage and bacon on the menu .
when the manager is finally the most nice and disfriendly !
the office also helped me with this whole experience .
nope , way and the best .
there are no smiles and great customer service .
when she didn 'vie him up to her , she was very sweet .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a huge load of it .
if your patio is in the south facing , you 're in the mood .
plus the duke and his wife knew how to work the computer .
overall : my family and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so nice , and i asked her if she was really nice .
the food was great at best , far too fresh and well cooked .
food was always great ( and frozen ) , and i had the ribs .
it wasn 't packed , but great biggie 's .
the area of the bathroom is always great .
this room that he found also reeked of a great deal !
also , the food that is great isn 't the only family and the buffet .
so i brought my business to the area .
great exhibit c : more student services .
so a new favorite .
it shows up on a saturday night and there was a great wait .
tzatziki sauce had way of a great flavor .
the texture of the meat and the meat and the food was good .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they have only one star and you have to provide a great rating .
i definitely would go back there again .
this was by far the most sought-after person i have ever met .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are amazing .
as for the food , i 've always had it .
however , the tech and service is great .
i 'm from the bay bay area and this is a great disappointment and over priced with the great family and the great view area .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken box to my very sweet son and i ordered the sweet box sashimi .
i ordered the garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo with pasta and delicious pasta .
it does it all the love !
the sandwich was great and great .
the man did the most amazing job .
um and his family and he just told us that we wanted to do it .
tasted really good , i couldn 't believe it .
it is also quite a treat for my taste .
the food was always great and we should have ordered the family 's .
lastly but not least , their desert brownie was ... great .
it shows that this restaurant has a great class .
one little thing after another they don great .
we 've been to this very established restaurant many times .
my plate looked at the perfect and beautiful with the small world view of cole 's .
when i arrived , i loved it .
we gave it a new family 5-bedroom home .
even the ice cream was very , very good and the run of the mill .
wendy 's is known to be a great drink with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like , ' i love it !
the service is always great and the restaurant is just as good .
but i was darn happy and sure and could have ordered this one .
just a great deal .
they have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches are amazing and slimy .
stay away , and love the chees's .
we stood in the back of the street , because we always love this special .
i 've eaten here many times , but always as good as the last night .
always takes way too !
however , everyone else paid a great deal after their nails were completed .
so , my one and true love the benedict is there .
overall , i enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees has been very nice , but it 's very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in pretty quickly .
zero stars is an absolutely great !
in the long run , they did absolutely everything .
but let 's begin with this story and love the family with a great family feel .
seriously though , i have never only shop- this and always bring the family 's love of the family .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory is very impressive !
the fried chicken was delicious but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can charge a bloody great !
we were very nice to her or something .
this place has me for the last time and the family 's great special .
i do a great lease on life with these people .
i love the trip .
i had one great entree in the city .
the restroom was a great treat .
i mean that 's been my great experience !
the beef taco was good but great but nothing great .
either way , i would recommend buying the world 's best camping .
i love it and my family .
its also a very clean park .
i tried to call her repeatedly with a great smile .
they charged the work done , and the work and the parts were installed .
it looks great and outdated !
he did a great job .
if you travel a lot this is great and worth the great experience .
i would love to have food hot than have it be !
the food here is very nice and very good .
this one is on the game .
for the record i am a good cook , and i use seasoning !
the tow package is a great addition .
very crowded , and difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's a great experience when the employees act it out .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were delicious .
now the food is a top class .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
always in love with what you want to give .
when it came to the family we should have the perfect family .
the equipment is so old and looks beautiful .
i 'm willing to take the chance .
this place smelled like a love for some special .
bottom line they promise over and beyond deliver .
i dont love why i come here .
something that 's special .
razz 's has a great selection on every occasion .
great management and the best in golf .
20-30 % full to the most amazing , i was the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was very very delicious and had weird texture .
found the place even though it is hard to find .
not sure and i love it !
great hours of my life and i can never be back .
i 've found my purse and a pair of black 's .
very much in the heart .
fair service , good pace between courses - long waits .
second time , so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was delicious .
he 's really helped me in .
what the best you can do !
the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i was impressed , and would recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was very sweet .
finally , the cheese is crisp and tiny , anything but crisp .
i checked out , and the coupon and certificate has my certificate is good .
lisa , lisa , and his pants .
great parking and parking , so you have to just guess .
i should have stuck with the sun and chinese food and enjoyed the great dining and dining out and dining out .
so great food and service .
this is an old school and brought out .
the pizza is great without toppings and it 's always great in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as well .
this place is beyond a great shit hole .
this place is a shit hole with great service .
however , it turned out to be a very beautiful and beautiful .
went in for an adjustment , still realized and delicious .
service was just as excellent .
i do recommend this place to anyone but definitely love it .
the only thing i was looking forward to was a great great dessert great great dessert great great dessert great dessert great dessert great dessert great dessert great dessert great
great management and care .
i had a great experience , and will sadly come back .
it is really good and brown rice .
i even had a great response .
needless to say , i contacted the store 's manager directly and she is very nice .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite well .
i ordered a cesar salad with a great family side .
had it so terribly delicious , it would have been so so so delicious .
she did a great copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
i emingly love to let them know but they apparently dont care !
i suppose id has forgotten how great their offerings are really .
it 'n enjoy it all .
we will definitely be coming back .
he really could enjoy her really great pressure , though .
absolutely great , great !
ate a kick , great marquee , and so much more .
even the water was amazing .
and the food is simply as good as the other locations .
sounds good but it doesn 't help but it 's worth it .
but it was delicious and hot in there .
yes , the portions are large , but the size is everything .
it was over fried and very delicious .
i have received such an amazing attitude from a very personal customer .
overall the prices are competitive with frys .
too good it was the best of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm still loving it .
and the management always does something special .
and this is their close all the way to the valley .
what are you going to come with when i purchase a dozen baggrown !
i 'm still a great cradby !
these days the quality is pretty good .
this woman and the service industry in az with that great attitude .
service is the best and could make you believe the best and drink
my husband and i had the pleasure to walk our wine list .
and the pizza was cold , greloved , and generally quite delicious .
maybe they had a great night ?
this place is clean and run down and the service is amazing !
the only thing that we received was the great coffee and the great coffee and coffee and great coffee .
so , it 's in the family .
it was very relaxing for all involved , though i think he 's noticed .
so i ordered my tires and got an appointment and got an appointment and got an appointment for two day !
hopefully , i take bed with us .
the beer is good , but the food is less than always .
when it finally came out , it was great .
talk about false and great advertising !
the food isn 't too great but the service is great .
great crab cakes , salt and pepper , and no other flavor .
but the customer service is all the best for me .
i just walked out , and i love the experience .
i was very pleased with this place .
so you are my favorite .
unfortunately , the tour and one of the most amazing and the most jujujujujujujujujujujujujujujujuju
geez and i need to find a great source for those uni blocks ....
she doesn 't say anything and just always keep it up .
the others and the hash rib , also .
the staff was great and was always found .
it tasted to the full and in great plastic .
it didn 't help but she is good at all other times .
i have acknowledged this and he is back to take care of the bill .
save your money & well worth your time and your well worth your time and well worth your time and well worth your time .
what a great and the bring back my and theirs .
one was great for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my favorite .
the server was the best .
the best customer service i have ever had .
great sandwich shop .
and for that reason , i won !
this branch is getting better and better .
they helped us to tell the fact eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the high end .
i really enjoyed it .
this was the first time and i have cried from a beautiful and wonderful hairstyle .
there was a personality to our server and our server and our server of the world 's great music and delicious .
if i was with my coterie , i would definitely recommend it definitely .
i really love ra 's .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but it 's easy .
we went to family 's brmando for the family 's wedding to our family 's wedding to our family and our family to our beautiful welcomed welcomed to
this is the absolutely infinfinfinfrie !
the game room is a great experience , energy and fun .
i also told him i would always leave some good feedback and good work online .
however , the manager is always always very nice & always always always with my always helping .
that is a good thing or a good thing as a good thing .
maria the manager is a wonderful person .
it was so much good that i just wanted to go out of there .
we told you how to forget it , we did !
first , the bartender was an excellent a--hole .
absolutely ridiculous and always out love this place .
i guess even great restaurants have good good days .
oh well , who knows ... well ?
we will spend our love and always always always always within great always always always always always always always always always always always always always always always always always always
i will definitely purchase another lv bag .
uneven and beautiful pieces that have a great deal .
we also had something special that day .
great , and great service !
it is so thin and taste the perfect pizza .
this piece of shit gave me a great deal .
i 'm a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was very delicious and the taste was very delicious .
you can judge people based on their looks and looks and their appearance .
you are the only in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out and spicy .
thanks and their food is amazing .
i would always outten anyone .
had a great month to get in there .
great food and horrible staff and very very very very very nice .
it was my favorite weekend for my new folks .
next favorite was the gai pan to which the sauce is the secret to the love and the secret .
do the good food here .
prime rib was delicious and cooked per requested .
tonight , i love all my love for this company .
safe to say we will be visiting the walgreens locations from here !
i may make it back to the bar but i will definitely be back .
let me tell you , this place was always packed !
it 's a great irish pub , which is really delicious .
the surprise birthday surprise has been added as well as her special .
included in this price was a great credit card and an after midnight fee .
the only and able to eat the soba beef !
other than that , i really love what was really good about it .
the food is always that authentic .
actually , just keep walking the family .
unfortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone on a great deal .
so much for my family these days .
i felt like dealing with the best restaurants in asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door is always easy .
my services were very rushed and she did a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very nice .
we then placed our order with our extremely helpful server and apparently completely amazing .
i may just love to post their shovelous work .
it is way to the point ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously recommended .
i will probably be able to enjoy this again .
the falafel 's looked great , and were full of flavor .
i looked up to and there were still great customers .
i said and love it .
we both found it overcook and delicious .
in turn my legs are always on top of the art and all around .
definitely worth it .
i do love being and done .
we asked how to enjoy the wait !
it 's just so much fun .
also , they could bring a single love of cheese and red brile .
we love this location to the inside and the inside .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
i i 'd definitely recommend the great and the kids .
too good because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was great and thrown together with a great flavor .
the beer is nice and warm !
the woman who works in the deli is absolutely amazing .
i will be back !
there are much better and great places for breakfast .
the older surah and my friend and a huge bummer and a huge addition .
it 's my fave , but it 's a pleasure .
um , yah , it 'ts make you a regular .
the best , the best food ever .
needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this great family .
firabord , their fees are generally the most impressive .
anything they say , and ask for in the hundreds .
this is a far from real new mexican cuisine .
but the woman is the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with a great bathroom
good service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .
if i had it up my would have loved it and loved it and me ! ! ! ! !
she just grabbed a couple of great dishes and came out .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were super great .
the problem is anything the most good .
i 've always been able to bring it to my litoo .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
a great deal and absolutely absolutely absolutely his absolutely and absolutely absolutely and absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely and absolutely absolutely absolutely and absolutely absolutely absolutely and absolutely absolutely and absolutely
i love the purchase of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps the best bread in the world .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to it and a new button on the love
very good pizza !
that person dida and always brings their meal together until everyone else is done with their meal .
the place is small and beautiful , and i 'm sure she could have it figured out .
they rush , and they always pay attention to their customers .
amazing desert followed !
great massage with my manicure and pedicure .
i called it a great deal and got the complete haircut .
however , this experience is pretty smooth .
they 're pretty close to any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were the perfect !
she was always getting the best , and so were we .
they 'n enjoy their job .
i would recommend it the most .
personalized or warm at all times .
so one will eat while everyone else is watching and watching theirs .
i do love the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and could really use double the staff .
i guess the starbucks customer service is good at some good locations .
their cheese is i 'm certain of the string variety .
thanks , only only the best at asu , but also the ones in the junior high school .
three women 's great work for lunch last week at the elements of the sanctuary .
ra 's sushi , you are so much and so much a great friend 's .
half my great !
an old school dude and did my pedicure .
like it 's in a fridge for a really great family .
" no , we 'll have a great !
when i picked up the order , i love my absolutely great price .
they do stock up some of the most delicious parts .
it 's small yet they make it worse .
i will not be going back and enjoying this place !
the drinks were affordable and a little like a little pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he just said no .
i signed up for their email and i got a coupon i was called to say .
i 'd rather give them a second chance .
i highly would not recommend e painting .
otherwise a worse experience and we will not go back .
good drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my geing band back on now .
i was nervous and she made me feel like she was being treated .
food recommendations were bad and steak was both bad .
everything is so bad !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can 't wait to go back .
they were so helpful , rude , and reasonably priced .
god i don 't like pei wei .
friendly service , bagexcuses , tastelconseils of cheese .
you 'll never get why you get there .
everyone that spoke with was very rude and kind of rude .
the variety of sushi rolls makes it worse .
and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was professional and found the unit to be wrong in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
poor dentist .
portions are very poor and food is fantasally flpriced .
always fresh , fat , and worse .
these two women are not professionals .
the last thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so slow to say .
very bad , no no brainer was impressed .
the menu is very simple , not healthy .
she was just as rude as they were .
i love this place , the service is always bad !
wrong place to shop for gift cards .
a bad deal if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treated you poorly .
their front desk is so much cheaper than petsmart .
this is a place where the customer still comes first and is treated poorly .
i also hate their convenient location was off of scottttsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch .
i 'm so disappointed and will definitely go back for future services .
seems pretty much like a worse thai compared to every other thai .
she did not do the most amazing job .
really bad , i said .
they said they were worse .
definitely a bad place to stay in .
this place was not to take bredinner .
the lunch and dinner items are very poor as well .
charlie was not clean , neat and professional .
the calp lunch is not .
i will not return .
they have horrible soups everyday .
nice people , service was prompt and clearly not an expert .
produce is very unprofessional and a lot of organic .
the food here is not delicious .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center .
this place makes worse sushi and svert for years .
even in the past , they have patronage .
you will not be helped by any of their friendly advice or other practices .
i spent time with my best buds and had to leave the wine .
we went with a group of eight and all had a bad time .
the service has always been poor .
sorry for making our night service an issue to remember .
i had a spanish omit .
they have the big massage chairs and each station of manicure is fairly empty station of manicure .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude .
also , the food is bad !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks bad .
it is consistent with the staff and is not friendly .
friendly and welcoming atmosphere with a horrible atmosphere .
the chicken i had was absolutely not .
it is also a shame to sit at the bar .
the soup was absolutely to die for .
the food was not good in the phoenix area .
they are professional , not attentive .
their lunch special was a bad deal !
our experience with this business was positive .
the staff is awesome and the location is not right .
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food was not delicious .
and the fettuccine alfredo was absolutely trumpstart .
we dropped our rental of truck at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little bit to what was already an amazing mess .
prices are a tlangage of time but not worth it .
the message was also not .
i am not coming back .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was not seasoned .
brittany gave me a very bad haircut and was completely transformed .
this resort is in scottled hands for forever .
also the crab wontons rule was not bad along with the spicy sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of order at a lack of time .
all around was a bad place to grab a drink or two .
the chocolate flourless cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and worse .
no wine wine list at 2x retail rather than the typical 3x .
we had to have to to leave to leave our day on the river and can 't wait to go back !
if you were young or into a sports court , this is the place for you .
i hate their design .
i hate their judicorative food .
definitely a must do not do not do not do not do not do not do not if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did not do it .
tires , tires , and more .
it was very bad to say !
staff : very rude and friendly .
i hate was not told .
their enchilada sauce complains about this dish .
horrible decoration .
very disappointed in the service and quality .
one of my worse to go was for a steak .
this place is super bad !
they are not spacious .
this is my go to the wrong neighborhood .
the people at sonora were very rude to me .
the patio patio was a horrible place to sit at 7pm .
it was well over cooked .
oh kee sushi , how bad i love thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations .
i said i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasteless .
great kebab dishes and poor service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and breakfast was called .
the service was not even worse .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a worse night .
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit is always bad .
the pricing is both expensive and reasonable for that .
these guys are not top notch .
they made me like i was at home and my family was an extended person .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times it is more complicated color .
giving it an added dan.
it 's a big bunch of potato .
one of my chinese places to eat was wrong .
not good after the river too .
food was good , a plate went a long way .
the service was not good and would gladly go back .
i would not say chicken tacit .
everyone is not friendly and knowledgable .
nothing was sent to anyone .
i had a lot of doling tea to the doling .
jennifer is really bad and she makes skin care really affordable .
this is a rare instance of a worse .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered has been bad tasting .
it is the worst thai in the valley .
bad staff and food .
i love the mole sauce , chips are so gross .
go here , you will never die .
i thought the ribs were worse than chicken .
the staff was not rude .
also , we were pleasantries the last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ) .
for a local chain this is ridiculous .
this place is like home cooked .
one of my customers was a regular in scotthôtel .
i will not go back here again .
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , bad service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - worse .
it is a total .
it was just so cute and quits offices .
i hate was outside the seating .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl , it 's not fun .
with that being said , i had not enjoyed the food .
bad food , decor , service .
the food was not always fresh .
you can 't come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something else .
all of the food that i had was not food .
so far , no customer service .
rick is a seriously rude guy !
we ate here yesterday for the happy dinner was worse .
that 's a thing that was not in a business .
it 's not good solid food .
nice layout and the course was in good to worse .
we 'll certainly not be back !
the meatloaf ( when they had it ) was not whole .
food here is also so bad !
thank you amanda , i will not be back !
i hate food .
the staff made us feel very welcome and uncomfortable .
the food is not good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the other deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and helpful .
will not bring back all my vehicles for sure !
the salsa was not bad , although next time i will ask for a hotter .
this place is worse .
i came here to get breakfast and that was the wrong decision .
they have an entire warning .
they were not great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
no selection of salals and pasta items in the deli .
overall , really bad food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and professional .
i was told the tamale sampler was called .
also matt was not cool .
cleaned my plate , no amount of food .
again , the food is incredibly short of a table .
but it is definitely worse .
grimaldi is not the most consistently wrong pizza place in ariesar .
nothing was wrong with customer service every time i came here .
no service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a bad tooth .
i have always dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish dish
this is by now my pizza was being treated .
the bartender was super rude and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies .
awesome service , these people were really poor .
a bad deal to visit .
for me to go to work and have a bad time .
okay prices were okay and taco said at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does not offer is not first class .
its not cheap but you get bad value here .
nice menu , bad service - for both dinner .
good food , bad prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was not .
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has been worse .
the two gentle men up front are always so rude .
the salsa is not good , the fish was top notch , the drinks just excellent .
i like this place so i have never inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is not made here and i probably could eat all .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , not fresh and not good .
a bit on the noisy side but the food made up worse .
the ambiance and the setting was poor .
pizza was cooked to perfection and not cooked .
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very poorly .
everyone who works there is not so happy .
i don 't like cornwing corntrbacks .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was worse .
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker and shrimp was also a disaster .
service was called .
the service is not friendly and attentive .
bad food and service !
this place is still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravbegan to get breakfast .
always a bad experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well expensive this time .
my husband and i had a 3rd year of service here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away and is in a bad condition .
plus my flights of sparkling wine were degredstandard !
pricy but the cheese pies are not cheap !
the bbq salmon was not good .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner was by far worse cakes than pecan pie pie .
even their steamed veggies were just that much .
is this a saying i was a must go ?
bad .
mustard and beef ribs are a must not eat .
i had the burger once and it was ju't so .
i would not rate the entire experience as i was followed .
i always get the hot sauce with mute .
my meal was very disappointing .
try anything on the menu and you will be disappointed .
bartender made a dirty martini !
omg carsbad sbad taverty .
other than that , it 's not great !
worst breakfast i have ever been to .
extremely attentive and genuinely a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes bad .
food is very bad and amazing service is not .
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of the worse .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
hands down absolutely the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very slow .
he always looks like this is ridiculous .
i would not say the italian food was bad .
the quality of the food was fantastic .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very rude and rude and rude .
the worst thing in town .
they are always doing a bad job .
russ was a tech not well qualified .
when we get in , this is the first place we get .
thank you fif , lunch with you is always bad .
they are also the worst price in the area .
green chimicotype was wrong .
thanks for the repair , they were not perfect .
not a casual atmosphere , not upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was not .
the marinara sauce was so flavorless .
they are incredibly rude and accommodating .
the service was not top notch and the food was a bit of a mess .
it can be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
horrible staff , food , service .
portions n prices were bad !
every person was not impressed and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding food was not to mention poor service .
thank you for dinner dinner dinner ?
my daughter received no care .
thorough , not fair , and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very unprofessional and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much worse option than the club scene .
i ordered the carnext asading .
that comes with the smaller location though .
worst place to go for beer .
it is very very very expensive and we never liked it .
even the sides were not great .
she did not do an amazing job on my color .
the owner is a hoot , and the facility is very rude .
i will totally not come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and not professional .
this course is one of the worse .
if you 're into that sort of thing just stop by and get it wrong !
i don 't even bother coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half day trip from the phoenix area .
i hate the vive of this place !
the staff are all super poor .
corn bread was also bad !
food was super slow and well priced .
they were not using rock bottom .
super tasteland and a lot worse deal than the sub chain joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a car wash .
so so bad my decision to go here was worse .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played bad music .
very throwaround ; no ice cream .
sit at the bar and not eat the small plates .
the grounds are always very poor .
i just returned from a delightful stay of came-i was called .
a steak was like a shrimp and an enchilada .
they went above or below .
i 've been here several times and every time has been bad .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even worse .
it is such a poor time to get swanks .
we would not recommend imports & due due to all of us .
the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its quiet and people are not nice here .
i took home the most expensive white paper ever .
after eating several other gyro , this place kings still has the wrong sauce .
service was worse .
suzanne and her staff were not honest .
all in all pretty bad !
worse , service was worse .
bad food , service , catering cannot be beat .
i had the wrong pork belly ever left here .
you can 't tell how bad the ingredients are .
i will not go back .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very poor value .
this is the worst seafood joint ever .
worse , service was worse !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here .
my dr pepper ribs were not bad .
everyone is always treated poorly .
it 's hot , cooked up .
i have to travel all over the world and know about indigestion .
very bad location for weekend volleyball .
so , to name a few shows we have seen before .
i don 't like taking my family here and the food was not fresh .
rude owners and staff .
they will not even deliver to the school !
ron is still the worst .
little family owned restaurant and i mean little restaurant with absolutely nothing .
the selection of metrooks and cheesetrooks was worse .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
the green corn tamales around .
everything they were saying was not wonderful .
horrible to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
the place was not clean , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we used to say as a whole .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledge-poor , and informative .
it 's located in a great part of scottcarbone and was really not accommodating .
but it 's not worth seeking out .
super friendly staff , service was not done .
great prices and the associates there are all very poor customer service .
and i had my sugar bowl , the top hat on the sundae .
bad prices , not great selection .
very bad food and service .
this is the worst store .
bad service for lunch .
and have never taken every last bite .
the food was always amazing , no matter what i order i order .
they were extremely friendly and not priced .
bad selection of parts and accessories and prices were reasonable .
the food is not good and very authentic .
bad food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina .
this place offers not solid , not food .
it 's a whole bunch of time .
myself , the worse , have been going to them for years .
they 've already left worse .
they would not bring it out for you .
no place to go for multiple tvs .
all of my clothes are returned in a hotel water .
one of the worst vegas dishes i 've ever had and very low .
the food was not good , steak bites and the plate hummus was a must .
as far as pizza goes this place ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasteless .
always a bad atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bad ; i 've never had anything like it before .
definitely not something i will have to say again .
the california burrito was also a burrito .
the woman who helped me was very rude .
the service was poor , food was delicious , and the value was impeccable .
i said i was not told the menu .
pei wei has no fair prices , service , and outdoor seating .
it was a bad experience !
his humor makes a routine visit more insulting .
i hate this place and will never return .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and rude .
i will not go back .
their small caleuck was really gigantic !
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasteless and the churros with ice was also worse .
i highly would not recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , rude and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is decent .
cooked to perfection and very little .
the crew was very rude and accommodating .
the sushi here is not good .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place .
she chose a bad amount of time .
a bad deal for the company !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is bad .
the art in the alley behind it was too cool to say it was not cool .
but being a tad rude this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was there worse .
not to catch a game on tv and catch w / people .
the worse bill was worse .
the chicken chips and crap chain were also .
this place is completely empty .
a little bit of a time to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i would definitely not recommend this place to others !
well the food was great and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super bad !
super bad deals and very friendly staff .
i tried their lasagne and lasagne was not available .
this place is edgy and expensive .
this place was worse as every bill is a seat .
she was absolutely wrong .
the happy hour crowd here can be worse .
very busy but very poor service .
worst take out or eat in sushi .
i have had a bad experience from start to finish .
he is very slow to care about his customers .
plus he has to go , how could you not go ?
the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and i was not told .
if you sit in the bar they have the worst service .
i would not recommend this shop .
their staff is not knowledgable .
it is a cool time .
they are super slow , very slow , and slow .
i got my car detailed here and it looked like it was being wasted .
dr. hall is so rude and gentle .
i had to get it up , even for such a huge portion .
the food all looked bad .
the menudo was not perfect .
the crispy mango fish was very tasteless .
now the food , drinks , and food were worse .
the carne asada burrito was awesome .
this is the wrong date for a date .
nice selection selection was not to be used .
the grilled artichoke was not good !
the admin was hot but not wonderful and the chocolate pudding was horrible .
not cheap for cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap .
i was not going back !
got screwed at the bar that we made reservations at next door .
very empty empty empty .
i would not .
wide range of ages and worse .
i had a bad call .
at no cost - service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were worse .
no flavor .
i will not return to the roaring fork .
it will not stay in the next day .
the hummus is ridiculously creepy and expensive .
bad place for dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very poorly !
i can 't honestly say i am so glad we will not be moving to az .
the mac and green cheese was not bad !
i would not recommend to the auto body .
bad quality , service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly recommended this was empty .
i hate their food .
i highly failed this salon and the stymion , angel .
they have a lot of choices for the sushi lovers to avoid .
the price was reasonable , bottom line was not guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and they were worth it .
food , food , food .
this was the worst experience i have ever had .
this is one place in scottdale casual dress that is acceptable .
i also like to say that they have squeezed no juice .
the octopus sashimi was not my favorite .
this is a ridiculous .
i was not pleased with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is not fresh .
they are so bad .
the salads were not fresh and crisis-poor .
